0:00
It didn't say that that it was Russian propaganda. It said that they believed that the information contained within those emails were an amalgamation that
0:05
were true. This is [ __ ] I can't that's the most [ __ ] thing. I can't trust you to read. You're either illiterate or or
0:11
[ __ ] I the fact that you would think that that's not a propaganda thing that you think you can just hack together emails and make that's that's
0:18
insane to me. If I have one statement from Rob saying I am and then another statement from Rob saying a gay man and I put those two things together, can I
0:24
say that this email contains true information? I'm trying to understand. Rob. Rob. No. Wait. Just help me understand this one thing and then you can do it. One thing Rob as you've
0:31
conceded that is what the DM report says as I've now explained to you. Yes. Correct. That's lawfare. I win the
0:36
debate. So the topic's about lawfare primarily from Russia gate. Even if small claims could be disputed, the prompt applies.
0:42
Either there was lawfare or there is not. So to be sufficient to prove that there was lawfare that I win the prompt.
0:48
Uh for the purposes of lawfare, we'll use the definition of legal action to cause problems for an opponent, spying
0:53
on investigating, etc. Your opponents would consider lawfare. Uh Lawfair was certainly used against Trump and his
0:58
team both during the leadup of the 2016 election and during his first term, also afterwards, but that's a debate for
1:04
another day. Uh all of these examples would be Carter Page, the FIA warrants, Papadopoulos Flynn. Uh the mistreatment
1:10
of them compared to Hillary's team, who at one point paid a suspected Russian spying named Igor Deshenko. Uh there was
1:16
no investigation into her compared to the investigation into Trump, which shows the two-tiered system in Lfair. Hillary's team concocted the Russia
1:23
collusion story and Obama and the CIA and FBI all knew it. Uh the ICA never
1:29
found that Russia interfered to help Trump until after Obama ordered a new report. Personally, leaks to the press
1:35
started almost immediately uh that the ICA had found that Russia interfered to help Trump. In fact, that was, I
1:41
believe, the same day the Washington Post broke a story that said the ICA concluded that Russia interfered to help Trump. although previously that had
1:47
never been found by any A and it was only the day after Trump ordered or
1:52
Obama ordered a new review. Uh there's shoddy evidence that was previously left out to make this assertion. Uh and
2:00
there's strong evidence to the contrary left out of the A that shows that actually uh they were not interfering to
2:06
help Trump and in fact they could have did more if they were and they had more evidence about Hillary they could have released if they were trying to hurt her
2:12
and to help Trump. Uh the claim that Russia interfered to help Trump is keystone in allowing the media and the
2:19
intel agencies to show America that there was a necessity for a constant investigation into Trump Russia
2:25
throughout his first term. There was never any crime shown between Trump or his team illegally taking action with
2:31
Russia to affect the 2016 election. Now although we don't have smoking gun evidence that Obama's directly involved,
2:36
the circumstantial evidence is very convincing. And lastly, the prompt should not mean that Obama is just one
2:42
man. If we could prove that his administration and the people working under him to benefit his party used lawfare against Trump, that should be
2:48
sufficient to win. The buck stops with Obama, there was clear lawfare. Should be an easy debate to win.
2:55
Thank you, Robin. And Destiny, I think that unfortunately the intelligence committee in the United States is not perfect. Uh I think there
3:01
probably are strong arguments that the IC probably did help a candidate to win the 2016 election. I think that if
3:07
anybody is an honest actor and they do a simple survey of what happened, then the answer would be that the FBI lent way too much support to Donald Trump to win.
3:13
Despite the fact that we're going to spend the majority of this debate talking about the Steel Dossier, Crossfire Hurricane, Carter Page, all of
3:19
these investigations, I think it is noteworthy that none of these investigations were announced publicly until after the election happened
3:24
because Comey stated that he didn't want to violate the Hatch Act. Although Comey multiple times said that uh he wanted to
3:30
talk about the Hillary Clinton email investigation which he did at three separate occasions when he talked about opening it when he gave outside of what
3:36
would be the ordinary process his recommendations to not file charges while also excoriating Hillary Clinton and her state department for their use
3:42
of an email server um in a move that shocked Loretta Lynch that he probably should never should have done and then for him announcing that they were
3:47
opening the investigation again. Hillary Clinton's email topic dominated for six months the news cycle in the United
3:53
States regarding the election. And it's important to know the only reason why we even have this investigation, the only reason why it's dominating the news
3:59
cycle is because the Russian Grrew team that adopted the moniker Guifer 2.0
4:04
hacked into the DNC dcccc email servers and then started timely leaks of it in order to do optimal damage to Hillary
4:10
Clinton's campaign. Um, we can go back and forth between all of these uh smaller points. There's going to be a lot of things that Rob says. um they
4:16
just rely on a misreading or lacking the context of or lacking ev any evidence to support the statements underneath them.
4:22
Um for instance, I'm sure we'll go through these ICA statements. The fact that Obama ordered any of these is not true. The fact that the second ICA
4:28
statement issued in January as having significantly different findings in the one of September is not true. Um all of these things just rely on you going by
4:34
what Tulsi Gabbard says is in the leaks that she makes and not actually reading the leaks themselves. But thankfully I had nothing to do last night except to
4:39
read 200 300 pages of original source material. So we're ready to go over all these leaks and yeah. All right. Uh,
4:45
Rob, I will let you start where you want. I would assume you guys would want to start with like 2016 and Carter Page
4:51
and things like that, but um, you're fair to Well, can I can I get my let me give my
4:57
impression of the ICA stuff because there's a huge disagreement here. So Tulsi Gabbard's leaks on the whole Russia Russia Russia gate thing um is
5:04
that somehow these leaks on this second ICA this intelligence committee assessment somehow proved that Obama
5:10
ordered some new ICA thing that was in stark contrast to the prior ICA findings. This is simply not true. The
5:16
AA findings on the second report more or less echo things that were in the first report. Some stuff is now at a higher confidence because there's been more
5:21
time to research. And what's more important, all the A findings ended up being true. They are true. Nothing has
5:26
been discredited from that. It is obvious that there was one party. There was one person that was targeted by the Russian hackers and it was the DC. It
5:33
was the DCCC. We know that. We saw the leaks. We saw the hacks. So I have no idea how we can even accuse those things of being false when like what? Yeah.
5:40
Like what is the what evidence is there that Obama caused a significant divergence in what the intelligence community assessment already was on all
5:46
these things? Uh, first off, the A disclosures that we see particularly from Tulsy with the
5:51
Durham annex and everything could be totally irrelevant to this debate as to whether or not the question that the
5:56
Obama team views lawfare against Trump. They clearly did. I could concede the entirety of Tulsi Gabbard's claims being
6:03
untrue and it wouldn't change that fact. But to speak on the ICA reports if you want right now, the problem isn't that
6:10
the majority of it wasn't found to be accurate. The problem was the specific claim that the A found that Russia was
6:17
interfering to help Trump. Now, that claim is going to be important because that was necessary to get the public on
6:23
board and to give the FBI and later the Mueller team the excuse for why they had to investigate Trump despite the very
6:30
flimsy evidence for the opening of the investigation and the continuing and the tools they used, which we would later
6:35
see would be corrupt, as in two corrupt Carter Page Fiser warrants. They needed that claim that Russia didn't just
6:40
interfere to mess with our system like they always do, but they actually interfered to help Donald Trump. Those
6:46
are the claims that the Tulsi Gabbert files from the Durham annex are releasing. And we can see that there was incredible discrepancies from how this
6:53
ICA was put together compared to how normally the best standards and practices of the FBI are up to including
6:59
at least two of the five people working under Brennan who was instrumental in putting together this specific claim,
7:06
saying that they disagreed with a lot of the additions that were made in there, particularly the things that were
7:11
directly referencing the evidence that Russia interfered to help Trump. But since you read it and you're going to
7:16
accuse me of not reading it, can you tell me the four pieces of evidence that were used that the Duraman annex showed
7:22
that the A uh used to say that Russia interfered to help Trump? Um I don't believe that those pieces of
7:28
evidence were declassified. That's not true. We now see through the Durham annex that they were.
7:34
What do you What is your impression of what those four things were? So there were four only four pieces of
7:39
evidence that the Durham annex says that were actually used to claim that Russia
7:44
interfered to help Trump. And let me be clear so there were not two ships crossing. You're absolutely right that the rest of the ICA report pretty much
7:51
everyone agrees is pretty legit. Russia did interfere. They want to meddle in our systems, etc. It was that key claim
7:57
that is the keystone to going after Trump with these investigations that they interfered to help Trump.
8:02
Okay. Well, before we before we go into this, do you agree that Russia intervened aggressively? More so, far
8:08
more against Hillary Clinton than against Donald Trump? Yes. So, you agree that they did more to help
8:14
You agree that they did more to help Trump win than Hillary Clinton? Correct. Well, it's not that it's not that that
8:20
wasn't the intent. What happened was that there was just more information out there because of the carelessness of
8:25
Hillary Clinton and the fact that she's been in office so long and they just assumed that Hillary Clinton was going
8:31
to win just like James Comey, just like everyone else, the New York Times, almost everyone in this country and around the world assumed because of the
8:37
great institutional advantages that Hillary is going to win. So they thought it was insurmountable basically and that
8:42
Hillary is going to win. So the entire intent was to cause distrust with the way that our elections are profered. So
8:47
it was never about picking or choosing. The evidence is overwhelming that they didn't like Trump either. They thought
8:52
they would be a horse of peace, that both the presidents would be bad for Russia and wouldn't help relations. There was some evidence that suggested
8:58
that actually they preferred Hillary Clinton because they found her to be predictable and would carry on the legacy of Barack Obama, whereas Trump
9:04
was seen as sort of a wild card. Wasn't the legacy of Barack Obama, the the murdering of Gaddafi in Libya, the
9:10
Syrian refugee crisis that threw Russia into disarray, the um I mean the
9:16
intrusions against Russia's plans in the Middle East as opposed to Bush who was more cooperative in the war on terror. How could you possibly say they would
9:22
that they would prefer the Obama the the red line Yeah. Right. the red line that he gave up on.
9:29
Right. You're right. And the wait. Do you think that Obama's foreign policy was seen as as as nice by by
9:35
Putin? Do you think that he seen it? It was seen as predictable, right? They
9:41
knew exactly how far they could push the line. And that's why they were able to invade Ukraine and Crimea in 2014 under
9:48
Obama. That's why they didn't do it in four years under Trump. That's why they were able to call the bluff on Obama's
9:53
Syria red line statement. There's no there's no evidence that they they've continued to strike into Ukraine under
9:59
Trump. They've escalated attacks under Trump. There's zero evidence to imply that they wouldn't have invaded under Trump. There's no reason to think that they wouldn't have done that. They
10:05
continued to escalate attacks when Trump was president. But they didn't they didn't escalate under Trump's first term.
10:10
Sure. They Well, they did. They were they were still they were still fighting the civil war in the southeast. It continued to rage on for the first time Russian troops were were present in
10:16
Ukraine and confirmed, I think, under Trump's first term. So they they there's no evidence what so there's no reason to believe why they wouldn't have invaded
10:22
under Trump. They probably would have, right? The entire the entire argument and what the report suggests is that
10:27
actually they found Hillary to be predictable. It's not even some it's sort of what do they what do they say that wait
10:32
what is the evidence that they found Hillary predictable and therefore could have preferred her. What are we citing? I will find it for you. I will find it
10:37
for you in a minute. First I want to go back to this idea of the three pieces of evidence. I'm sorry, four pieces of
10:42
evidence that were suggested in both the classified annex and then in the formal part of the ICA. The fourth part is it
10:49
was said in the annex was the steel dossier. Wait, wait. For you agree with that? No. Um, the steel dossier was not used
10:56
for the ICA assessments in January. That's not true. That's not true. It was actually included in the annex.
11:01
It was included. It was included in the annex, but that was the only part that it was included in. Comey pushed for the
11:08
include, but it wasn't referenced. It wasn't used. The CIA and nobody else used or built upon that for their findings for the ICA statements relating
11:14
to whether or not Russia had a preference for a particular leader or whether or not any of the findings of
11:19
that ICA would have changed. It was simply sectioned off. It was quarantined off in the annex because Comey fought hard because he wanted to include it and
11:24
nobody else in the ICU wanted it there. If it wasn't used by anyone, why would Comey put it there?
11:30
Comey wanted it because Comey said that Obama had demanded that they turn over um every single thing that they had in
11:35
relationship to the the Russia campaign uh interference stuff and everything else and because they were also going to
11:40
be briefing the incoming President Trump on these things and they weren't sure if Trump knew anything about the steel dossier. So Comey fought really hard to
11:46
include it. Initially, he wanted to weave the text through the report of the ICA, but everybody else pushed back on
11:51
him because the rest of the intelligence community didn't like it. They didn't think it was good material. So, they basically quarantined it off with a huge like warning. This is unverified,
11:57
unvetted in the uh in the January ICA that was published. Okay. So, just to be clear, your one
12:03
reason that Comey insisted on including this is he was just following orders that everything had to do with Russia
12:09
and involving the 2016 election should be included. Those are Comey statements himself and they are reiterated in the
12:14
Senate Judiciary Report on this. So yes, I'm Do you believe something different? Yes, I think if that would be the case
12:20
then there would be strong evidence if there was evidence exonerating or I don't want to say exonerating evidence
12:26
that went the other way that were potential other conclusions such as evidence that they had of things that
12:31
Hillary Clinton may have been doing emails or evidence they had of actual aggression that Russia used against
12:36
Trump then that would have been included in the ICA. Correct. If they were mandated to include everything, right,
12:42
they wouldn't have selectively let stuff out then. Wait, what? What do you What do you think they selectively left out?
12:48
For example, they didn't include that there were releases about Coen Pal, uh, email releases they got from Coen Pow
12:53
saying that basically Coen Pal thought that Trump was a piece of [ __ ] Then there were a bunch of emails that Russia had. Wait, wait, what does that what do
12:59
statements from Coen Powell have to do with with with foreign election interference? That's what this ICA was tasked with. It has to do the ICA was
13:06
tasked with determining what Russia did to meddle and what their motivations were. Correct.
13:11
Yeah, that's my understanding basically. Yeah. All evidence all evidence to come to and
13:16
not just one preferred conclusion that is they did it to help Trump. They should include Obama gave him a mandate
13:22
to include everything that could possibly be what their motivation was and evidence that they interfere. Correct. No, not well not not not
13:29
everything that could possibly be, but what the ultimate assessment was of the intelligence community for what they
13:34
were ruling on. This is why they that all the other IC people didn't want the steel dossier included because nobody
13:39
none of them used it. Even the FBI didn't in their overall assessment. But Comey thought it was important to include it in some section or in some
13:44
way because he thought that it was a huge thing that was being spoken about behind the scenes and he wasn't sure Trump had been briefed on it at all. But this is why you acknowledge then that
13:50
the dossier was not relied upon for any factual determining anything in the ICA. It was just sectioned off. uh it was
13:57
just quarantined off in in the annex. It wasn't s sourced anywhere, cited anywhere. It wasn't used to build upon any of the findings in the ICA.
14:02
That's but the problem is that there were certain people that had access to that annex and could see that information to help include what their
14:08
judgment would be. In fact, when Bren speifically for there were I think the people at the
14:14
CIA I think there were people at the FBI and a couple other agencies. That's not true. No. So no one Okay. So then who had access
14:20
to the annex? The annex was the only one who saw it. No, the annex was part of the final ICA
14:26
that was put together and presented to um Obama and then I think in the future to Trump if if he got the same ICA presentation.
14:33
That was put together to present to part of the presidential the PBD or whatever the presidential briefing daily briefing PB. Yeah,
14:39
let's make sure we're on the same track here, right? My understanding is that all of the intel groups that worked on
14:44
the ICA got to see the body of the ICA. Correct. But only a select few got to
14:50
see the sort of annex, which is where the steel dossier was included. Um I mean the the topline cabinet people
14:58
would have had to have signed off on the dossier. Yes. Um but I don't understand
15:05
what Yeah. They would have seen that included in the annex. Yeah. I don't Okay. So, the point is, right, that
15:10
doesn't mean that the ICA was built, anything in the ICA wasn't built off of stuff from the dossier in the US stuff.
15:16
Look, I'm actually like the steel dossier, believe it or not, would be the strongest evidence that Russia
15:21
interfered to help Trump, right? So, I don't think it's helping your case to Wait, wouldn't the strongest evidence be
15:26
the fact that they hacked the DNC and they hacked the DCCC email servers and then did time release?
15:31
That doesn't speak to their That doesn't speak to their motivation as to whether or not they were trying to help Trump or not. It speaks to their motivation that
15:37
they were getting access to everything they could to interfere in our system. But the motivation of specifically helping Trump was nothing that was ever
15:44
determined prior to December 8th. So Donald Wait, what didn't Putin Putin expressing a preference for Donald Trump
15:50
as a leader leaking explicitly things that are anti-Hillary Clinton and the fact that all the Muller indictments,
15:55
investigations, and the Internet Research Agency, all of them were on attacks against Clinton. That's just all
16:00
coincidence. They were trying to Okay, if that's all true, why was none
16:06
of that included in the ICA? Why didn't they include anything about the Internet Research Agency or any of that nature?
16:11
Um, I believe that they did. They included three pieces. Hold on. Not only I believe they did because I think that Pragov I think is
16:18
mentioned in the A being a potential funer for I don't know if they say Internet Research Agency by name, but I
16:24
think that they say that there were I don't know if the investigation because it was just the ICA for what they currently had. I think that that deep into the investigation didn't happen
16:30
until Mhler got his hands on things. But I think they named Progos as being one of the oligarchical funders of some of the foreign propaganda that came out of
16:35
that ICA, which ended up being the Internet Research Agency. There's another reason why I think it's silly to attack the ICA because everything that
16:41
was in the ICA was true. So attacking this is some like Obama propaganda piece. Every sing every single thing in there is true and we now know is even
16:47
more true than we knew before. It's not true. Right. What we're talking about is when the IC was So again, we're
16:53
getting off track from the three points that were any evidence that was given in the A that said that the motivation of
16:59
Russia was to help Trump. All you're saying is yeah, but they hacked Hillary, right? But that doesn't speak to their motivation, right? And so we'll go back
17:06
to this. The timeline real quick was you acknowledge this that December 8th there was it wasn't officially an intelligence
17:13
community assessment but there was an intelligence assessment that was given to Barack Obama that basically said and
17:18
this is the first Tulsi file that was released Russia didn't have effects in
17:23
cyber attacking of our election infrastructure. You're aware of this uh like hundred something page document
17:29
that Tulsi releases. Um yeah it's like a smorgesborg of random things and includes both of the ICAS and a bunch of random emails. Yeah.
17:35
What about it? Okay, so that said that was being presented to Obama in uh December 8th,
17:41
2016. And basically nowhere in that report does it say that the motivation of Russia was to help Trump win. There
17:47
is nowhere that I could find anywhere prior to December 8th that there was any intelligence assessment ever in the
17:54
United States that said that Russia's motivation was anything other than them monkeying with our election systems to
18:00
seow distrust. None of it ever said that they were interfering to help Donald Trump. Can you provide me any evidence
18:06
to the contrary? Um, I don't think they had reached that assessment yet, but um that I but I mean
18:12
it was that that ICA that you're talking about came out in September 9th, right? So there was months of more intelligence
18:17
gathering before the future one that would be released in January came out. So we wouldn't expect the one in January to be the exact same. No.
18:23
Gotcha. So just so we're clear, so we're both on the same page. Prior to December 8th, then this report comes out December
18:29
8th. Obama immediately the next day calls a meeting and it has like you know all the characters Comey Clapper all
18:35
these people and Clapper ends up releasing an email after that meeting saying hey Obama's ordered us to do a
18:42
new ICA. You agree with this? No I I don't think there was ever I think that I think that there was um uh
18:50
I believe that the first ICA that we talk about comes out on September uh in September of 2016. Um, and then I think
18:58
eventually there is a big meeting because Obama wants to be able to release something relating to all of the
19:03
attacks that Russia had done on our election because it was probably the worst year where we've ever had foreign intrusion. And Obama wants to the ICA or
19:11
wants the intelligence community to put out some kind of statement just like detailing like what had happened and then all of the uh intelligence
19:16
community cabinet heads and everybody else meets and they you know then they are tasked to put together this next IA. So I I think you're I think you're
19:22
functionally wrong. According to a DNA file, DNI files, I could send you this on page seven. It says, quote, "After
19:29
the meeting, according to the Office of Director of National Intelligence, Clapper's executive assistant emailed
19:34
intelligence community leaders, tasking them to create a new intelligence community assessment per the president's
19:40
request that detailed the tools Moscow used and the actions it took to influence the 2016 election." Quote,
19:45
"ODNI will lead this effort with participation of CIA, FBI, NSA, and DHS." That was December 9th. Correct.
19:53
But what you're saying, no, no, no. You When do you think when they say put together a new thing, what do you think? New thing. Do you think that they just
19:59
saw one and they want a new one put together right now? They're just saying we want to put together one. We want to put together one. Not that like they
20:04
showed him one and he didn't like it and now they want to do a new one. That's not true. The December 8th briefing that was given to him was
20:10
delayed to be released to public and Obama called a meeting the next day and said, "I want you all to put together a
20:16
new thing." Now it's true. If you read you mentioned 112 page thing 170 page thing linked by Tulsi Gabbard. There is
20:22
no December 8th ICA. That's not true. I've never seen that or can you show me that? That's not Yes. I'll see if I can find the link to that. So um let's see. Uh
20:30
the December 8th report.
20:35
Let's see if I control F it here.
20:41
Maybe if I type December. The only two I see are the September 12th, 2016 ICA and then there is the uh
20:48
January 6th ICA from 2017.
20:55
Let's see. Um
21:00
for chat, we will try to take questions towards the end if we have time. So if you guys put them in super chats or uh through the tips link and uh pinned at
21:07
the top of chat, we'll try to get to those towards the end of stream if uh as long as we have time.
21:13
Um I believe that the reason why Obama wanted to test that as well is because I
21:18
think during that meeting or the day before because on December 7th after the election, the talking points that have been prepared for Clapper um were saying
21:26
that the US because now the US intelligence committee had high confidence in its attribution of the intrusions into the Democratic National
21:32
Committee, the DNC and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee DCCC networks based on the forensic evidence identified by a private cyber firm and
21:38
the IC's review and understanding of cyber activities by the Russian government. I don't believe in the September ICA. I don't think they had
21:44
high confidence that Goose 2.0 was the was the grew. They didn't know that. They didn't have high confidence that
21:50
that was Russian yet. But by the time December had rolled around, they did have high confidence that was presented to Obama. Once Obama heard that, he was like, "Okay, well, you guys should put
21:56
together a new ICA." But you're presenting this and I know that some headlines presented this as though he was given some information on the 8th and he was like, "No, I want something
22:02
different on the 9th." But that new ICA was not in response to getting one he didn't like. It was just he wanted a new ICA put together now with the updated
22:08
intelligence. Now, so he did receive a report December 8th. Give me one second. I'll bring it
22:14
up here. Um, let's see. Uh, so this is approved for
22:21
release by the DNI on July 17th, 2025. Uh, let's see. Uh, this was sent
22:27
July 17th, 2025. When this was approved, it was approved for release. So, it was classified until
22:33
that point on July 2025. This is pulled from the December PBD draft for the president December 8th, 2016. Cyber
22:41
manipulation of US election infrastructure to remain a challenge. In this, it says, quote
22:47
on page one, let me see, bring it up. We have low to moderate confidence in Russia government's involvement because
22:53
of our uncertainty about its utility for a state actor, a lack of observed effects from lowprofile operation and
22:59
the actor's use of lack of obstication techniques which included substantial overlap with criminal actors using
23:04
similar targeting patterns and tactics. The activities did coincide with high-profile Russia cyber enabled data leaks during the election, which we
23:11
assess probably were intended to cause psychological effects such as undermining the credibility of the election process and candidates. In
23:17
other words, the conclusion again, you're factually incorrect. This was sent to Obama on December 8th. Uh, and
23:24
in this they assess that the motivation was, and I quote, the undermining the credibility of the election process and
23:30
candidates. So, what you're reading is not so number one, what you're reading is not an A. Number one, that's just a briefing.
23:36
That's a said that at the beginning, sure, but we were talking about ICA. So, now you've gone down to the president's daily briefing. So one, that's not an
23:42
ICA. Two, you're just reading the second bullet point from a bunch of random things that are brought up. not random but a bunch of things that are brought
23:47
up. You read the low to moderate confidence in the Russian government's involvement because of uncertainty about a utility for state actor. Um above that
23:52
they bring up the idea that there was a possible Russian government affiliated cyber actors extracting voter data um
23:58
from Illinois's board of elections. Um I think there's several other points in here about this but none of this has to do the the goal of this was not
24:04
assessing whether or not Russia um wanted to attack or what the motivations of Putin were. The title of this
24:10
briefing was cyber manipulation of US election infrastructure to remain a challenge. That's what this was. this
24:15
briefing was about. And then after Obama got this briefing, he wanted a more comprehensive intelligence community assessment done rather than just a
24:22
president daily briefing. He wanted all of the intelligence communities to come together and and do their research and put together what they thought was the
24:27
strongest version of what actually happened. So again, up until this point, there was
24:33
no confirmation that Russia or any claim whatsoever made by an intelligence community that said that Russia
24:38
interfered to help Trump as part of their motivation. Second, I with exploring that. Please, come on. Please, I I'd let you
24:46
talk. Uh, secondly, I didn't do acknowledge that just on the first point. They weren't they weren't tasked with exploring that yet. Right.
24:52
That's what Obama tked them to explore, right? He didn't tell them, I need you to make this up. He just said, "Can you put together what we have on this?"
24:58
So, your argument is the intelligence community that was putting ICAS together in September, uh, was never trying to
25:03
look into the motivation. They were never tasked with that. I'm sure they were looking for it, but they didn't have it at that point. Right. Okay. So, then you're factually
25:10
again incorrect when you say they weren't tasked with that prior. Of course, they were tasked with trying to find the motivations of the actors they
25:15
think are interfering in our country. No, I'm saying tasked during the president's daily briefing. That's not what they were tasked with,
25:23
right? Well, it it doesn't matter if the president directly tells them. They understand implicitly that's their job. Now, I never said this was an ICA. I
25:29
said it was sort of an intelligence briefing that was given that the president got He gets this on the ETH. He says that it shouldn't be released
25:35
publicly and instead he calls this meeting and immediately says, "Hey, we want an assessment, this overarching
25:41
assessment." and doesn't release this. Again, it doesn't matter if the primary intent of this was to look at whether or
25:46
not and it's basically saying the intent, what they find out is Russia didn't affect the election results through cyber effects in hacking
25:53
election infrastructure. But it does speak to the motivation, right? But it does speak to the motivation. It says that the motivation
25:59
that this intelligence assessment's concluding or this intelligence briefing is concluding is that they were trying
26:04
to cause psychological effects such as undermining the credibility of the election process. No, that's not true. There's nothing in here that says that. You're you're
26:10
incorrect. That's not what they're assessing in this. And I'm I and I'm quoting I'm quoting the activities did coincide with
26:16
high-profile Russia cyber enabled data leaks during the election which we assess probably were intended to cause
26:22
psychological effects such as undermining the credibility of the election process and candidates. Correct. Not
26:28
Yeah, I understand. So if you actually read any of the earlier ICAS, I read both of them. The reason why they have that included in there is because the
26:34
article, the the PBD that you're reading or the the president's daily briefing that you're reading is about cyber
26:39
manipulation and whether or not they were trying to literally flip the vote tallies to pick one winner or another.
26:44
One of the things that the prior ICA had been tasked with is figuring out, do we think that Russia has the capability to
26:50
do this? And they said, "No, we don't." But we do think that what they can do is they can engage in even if they're
26:55
successful in a small scale at changing one county or something that that in and of itself would be enough to undermine
27:01
public confidence. That's the psychological warfare that they're talking about. They're not talking about the motivations here. They're just
27:07
talking about what the goal might be for any type of individual um election related system hack. If you want, I can source that directly from one of the
27:13
earlier ICAS. If you give me two seconds, I can find that for you if you want. But I find it I don't disagree with I've read I don't disagree. What I'm saying
27:19
is the motivations through Russia election act hacking electivities from 2012 2008 if you read any of the ICAS
27:26
back then they're always talking about how the entire goal of Russia we're not talking about 2012 to 20 they also say that 2016 was the most extreme
27:33
and the most outlandish that Russia has ever attacked our system so 2012 to 20 without you without you interfering all
27:39
the time like so what I'm saying is they never came to the conclusion that the motivation was to help one candidate over the other said that in January they
27:46
did that's not Is this just going to be that you have to Well, you're I just need you to not lie.
27:52
We can ask for a judge ruling this if you want. But when they say psychological tactics, that's not talking about whether or not they wanted to broadly attack our system or favor
27:59
one candidate or another. It's talking about the nature of the election attack that they were engaged in. And the nature of that attack wasn't to try to
28:05
flip all the votes. It was to try to undermine um the um the faith in the particular voting system. That would be
28:11
the type of election attack that they would launch. This doesn't say whether or not they prefer one candidate or another candidate. Okay. Uh, I disagree with you. Let's
28:18
read what it says specifically right before it says that. Okay. It says, I want you I'm gonna pause. This is a time
28:24
for you to interrupt like on Q. You ready? And I'll pause when I want your answer. You ready? The activities did
28:29
coincide with high-profile Russian cyber enabled data leaks during the election. Pause. What do you think they mean by
28:35
that? Wait, I'm sorry. Read that again for me. The activities did coincide with high-profile Russian cyber enabled data
28:42
leaks during the election. What do you think they're referencing there? the DCCCDNC leaks.
28:49
Okay. And it says and then comma which we assess probably were intended to
28:54
cause psychological effects such as undermining the credibility of the election process and candidates. In
28:59
other words, it's saying that both of these things, the leaking of the Wikileak [ __ ] and stuff like that and
29:05
this weren't done to affect one candidate or the other. It was to undermine the process and both
29:11
candidates. Would you like to admit that you're wrong about this? No, you just you're not understanding it. I can read you from a prior PBD or
29:16
we can go through as many of these as you want. So in the one on um for the one for September 14 have to do
29:21
because because this is but because the subject matter here is not whether they prefer one or another. It's what is the goal of the hacks right? So on the one
29:28
for September 14th cyber threats to US elections unlikely to alter voting outcomes. We assess that foreign
29:33
adversaries do not have the capability to covertly overturn the vote outcome of the coming US presidential election by executing cyber attacks on election
29:39
infrastructure. These adversaries, most notably Russia, can conduct cyber operations against election infrastructure to undermine the
29:44
credibility of the process and weaken the perceived legitimacy of the winning candidate. Non. Okay. So, the what
29:50
they're tasked with finding here is if they were to attack our voting systems, what would the goal of the attack be? Would it be to change the winner from
29:56
one to another or would it just be to undermine the process? And when they're looking at their types of attacks that they can do against the voting
30:02
infrastructure, they're saying that they can do small attacks, but it's not going to be once to like hack or rig the whole election. It would be to undermine the
30:07
process itself. But they're not tasked with figuring out why is he is he trying to favor Trump? Is he trying to favor Hillary? Or is he trying to just favor
30:13
Chaos in general, this is just tasked with what is the capability of their attacks on the election infrastructure.
30:18
That's not true. So it's although you might be reading something from September that says that you're ignoring the context and the specific wording
30:25
that's being used in this December 8th briefing. Now, I'll remind you that it is talking specifically about the leaks.
30:31
And yes, they are tasked with finding the motivations. It's not just saying, well, when it comes to hacking voter
30:36
roles, it's just to mess with the system. The mess with the system part is the motivation. And the motivation it
30:42
says here, let me finish. The motivation that it says here when it comes to getting into voting roles and like that
30:47
and I'm quoting highprofile Russia cyber enabled data leaks were to quote
30:53
intended to cause psychological effects such as undermining the credibility election process and candidates. Nowhere
30:59
did it ever say that it was to prefer Donald Trump. Okay. Will you concede that? I will concede this entire point to you. If
31:05
every single intelligence agency was tasked with this, if you can give me one example from a credible person saying
31:11
that Obama changed their conclusion that Putin favored one candidate or the other, has any evidence whatsoever been
31:18
released to that? Because what you're saying is that the entire intelligence community saw one thing and this singular meeting with every cabinet
31:24
level official related to the intelligence community on December 8th, December 9th that Obama changed their direction there. Is there a single shred
31:30
of evidence relating to that? First off, will you concede that in
31:35
order for some sort of conspiracy or something like that to occur? You wouldn't need someone admitting it to be I just need Give me a single shred of
31:42
evidence. What What's the strong Give me the one. Give me the strongest piece of evidence you have. The the one Don't say a bunch of random things and then say,
31:47
"Oh, here's the strongest piece of evidence you have for that." Okay. There were only three things that
31:53
the ICA used to say that Russia preferred Trump. And all three of them were so low confidence that they'd been
31:58
known about prior and weren't included in prior ICAS. And all of a sudden, Brennan directly gets involved and now
32:04
they are included. How is that evidence of Obama telling Brennan to do anything? Do we have any evidence whatsoever about that?
32:09
It's clear. It's what it shows is it's clear that prior to December 9th that
32:14
the A or that the intelligence community was like, "Yeah, we're not ruling." The motivation was this. Obama calls this
32:20
meeting. Within that day, there were leaks to the Washington Post that said that the intelligence community
32:25
assessment would say that Russia wanted Trump to win. And in addition to that, we then see all this shady included.
32:32
Is that what those leaks said? Is that what the leaks to the Yes. According to who?
32:37
What leaks? The Washington Post leak. Yeah. What was that Washington Post article? Yeah, sure. So, December 9th, uh, Obama
32:44
reorders this as we already read, which you said didn't occur. We proved that that was the case. No, we said you said
32:49
reorders it. I'm sorry. We'll reitigate as much as you want. Your claim is that there was a there was an ICA that was given. Now you've backtracked to saying,
32:55
"Oh, well, there was a president daily briefing that was given and now he ordered a new thing." I agree with that. That was my original thing. So, if you've come to my position, that's fine.
33:01
There was no new ICA issue. There are only two that we're talking about. So, we agree that there's two. That's fine. Okay. So, now read me this Washington
33:06
Post article. That's [ __ ] You reitigating. I never said it was an ICA specifically. That's what we were arguing over initially. Oh, so you were saying that
33:12
the claim was that Obama ordered an ICA after getting a presidential daily briefing. What's the big deal about that then? There's nothing worthy. Okay.
33:18
Well, then fine. Yeah. I mean, there's nothing to worry about that though. So, it's not worth saying was that the evidence, the evidence that was going to
33:23
be released public, whether or not it was an ICA or just an intelligence briefing that was going to be released public that showed that the motivations
33:29
weren't for Russia to help Trump was something that was then stymied. Then the next day, Trump said, "I want a or Obama said, "I want a new ICA." And
33:35
within that day, leaks to the Washington Post started. Yes. Washington Post story. Quote, "This is from December
33:41
9th." The same day, by the way, you originally said that Obama didn't order this on December 9th. That was I didn't I never said that. I said that
33:47
he didn't scrub a prior ICA in favor of this one, but go ahead. So, it says, quote, watching Post, the
33:52
CIA has concluded in a secret assessment that Russia intervened in the 2016 election to help Donald Trump win the
33:58
presidency rather than just to undermine confidence in the US electoral system. According to officials briefed on the matter, literally the day that Obama
34:05
orders a new, you've already conceded that prior to this, there was no assessment from the CIA, FBI,
34:11
they hadn't they hadn't ordered an assessment. There was no that hadn't been ordered. A president's daily
34:17
briefing is not the intelligence community's assessment of an entire thing. The last assessment had been done in September.
34:22
So you acknowledge there was a prior ICA. In September? Yes. Yes. Okay. So would you also acknowledge that
34:29
that A did not say that Russia interfered to help Trump? Correct.
34:34
So then my statement is correct that says prior to December 9th there was no ICA there was no intelligence community
34:41
assessment that said whether it be from the CIA, FBI or anywhere else that said that Russia was interfering to help
34:46
Trump. You concede that's true. I'm not conceding. Yeah, I agree that's the factual record. Correct. But you're acting like this like
34:52
president daily briefings are not like published. You keep saying that like Obama sty something. These aren't published to the public or anything.
34:57
It has Okay. Nonetheless, here's what the Washington Post argument says, right? It says the CIA has concluded,
35:04
this is December 9th, the same day, immediately following Obama saying, "I want a new ICA." Now, we're getting
35:10
leaks to the Washington Post that says the CIA has concluded in a secret assessment that Russia intervene in the
35:15
2016 election to help Donald Trump win the presidency rather than to just undermine confidence in the US electoral
35:20
system, according to officials briefed on the matter. We would then see stories within days from the New York Times,
35:26
other news outlets that would pick up this story almost immediately. So what happened was the narrative prior to
35:31
December 8th was Russia's just meddling in the system even with these data leaks just on that Washington Post story. Why did
35:38
they say that? What what what was the sentence right after not just to undermine the US political process more generally? The Post report sites
35:44
officials who say they have identified individuals connected to the Russian government who gave Wikileaks emails
35:49
hacked from the Democratic National Committee and top Hillary Clinton a John Podesta. One official described the conclusion that this is intended to help
35:55
Trump as the consensus view. That was a change in September. They didn't have a high confidence that that hack was
36:00
Russian. At this point, they had that confidence. That's first off, no, that's not true.
36:05
You don't have any evidence that they did more research. If that was the case, then why was president getting presidential daily briefing meetings the
36:11
day before that said that the conclusion wasn't that they were trying to help Trump? That's they he wasn't they weren't tasked with that. They were tasked with
36:18
what kind of attacks were being done on the election infrastructure. They were being tasked with exploring what
36:23
Russia's motivations were. And yet you've already conceded that they spoke to the motivation when they
36:28
said that the motivation was to undermine confidence in both candidates. It wasn't about picking one candidate another. It was was the motivation to
36:34
change the outcome of the election or to just cause mayhem in general. It wasn't do they prefer one candidate another. It
36:40
was what was the goal of like what kinds of attacks were they doing? That's what it was tasked with finding. Well, we we
36:45
do keep looping on this and we do have to have like a statement like Rob, do you think that they actually were trying
36:51
to uh do you think that they actually had evidence one way or the other and that they had cleared this that they
36:57
knew that they were not trying to help one candidate over the other at the September report? I think it has nothing to do with
37:03
clearing. I think that they came to the conclusion that there was no evidence that they could show that suggested that with any confidence whatsoever that
37:09
Russia was trying to interfere to help Trump. In fact, to the contrary, as the 2000 or the December 8th daily briefing
37:15
shows, it was just like they always do to meddle in the So, you have no So, you have no evidence of this, right? I just want to wait. I
37:20
just want to be clear. There is no evidence of what you're inserting. You have no evidence of what you're inserting. Yeah. That's not true. That's not true. I have
37:26
evidence. The first piece of evidence that I'm suggesting here is literally that day we see leaks from the intel community saying there's already an
37:33
intelligence consensus that Russia did this to interfere to help Trump. Why
37:38
couldn't it be that at that point they figured out with a high degree of confidence that the Podesta and the DNC email hacks were done by Russia? That
37:44
they knew that with a high degree of confidence. That would significantly change the assessment, wouldn't it? Well, so yeah, real quick, Destiny, was there new evidence? Was there new was
37:51
there more information from September to December? Yes, of course. Yes, they had been doing more. They had a there was a private
37:56
company that came in, I think, for that did so for the DNC, I think, and the either the FBI and the CIA and the CIA had been doing its own um whatever their
38:03
intelligence gathering [ __ ] is. By that point the the confidence level will change. I believe in that first assessment I think it's they say low to
38:10
medium or something that they don't have high confidence but by January they have high confidence that those hacks were done by Russia and we know now that they
38:16
were done by Russia. Do you think that that do you think that the evidence that they gathered between September and December? Do you think
38:22
that this was enough evidence for them to actually change their minds or that it could have even? No, it can't be because we could see
38:27
exactly what they included in the A to suggest that they now were saying that Russia was doing this to help Trump.
38:33
Now, I want to be clear. Destiny's full of [ __ ] What he's arguing here is that Barack Obama says, "Okay, everyone, I
38:39
want you to come together with all these agencies and come up with motivation, everything." And before they even get started, before they start, we're
38:46
already seeing leaks that night that says there's a consensus. We know that Russia did this to help Trump. And
38:53
Destiny's like, "Yep, they had it figured out by then." It took them like two hours from when they were tasked with doing this by saying, "Yep, there's
38:58
a consensus." Despite the fact that we see people in the Durommanx from like actual people in the CIA, there were
39:05
five people at the CIA working on this. Two of them were constantly pushing back against Brennan like, "Look, dude, we
39:10
don't see it. We don't see this evidence." And yet, oh, Destiny's like, "No, no, no, it was all figured out within two hours." The consensus was
39:17
laughable. So, while that's mentioned in the first report, what was what do you believe the intent or the goal of the first report
39:24
was? Because Destiny is saying that that was not what they were tasked with for the first report. So what do you think
39:29
that the first report no wait to be clear the first in the wait let me be clear the first report was tasked I
39:34
think with asking all sorts of questions about an ICA is an intelligence community assessment alto together on the whole thing right but the president
39:40
daily briefings were what they were concerned about was literally like election security like are all of our voting machines good
39:46
saying this would be more specific yeah the president daily briefings just had to do with like are is Russia trying to attack our systems like what's going on there but it's not like a whole
39:52
intelligence community assessment on like what are the motivations of Putin what's he trying to do in terms of does he prefer one leader or another that's a
39:58
broader assessment that requires a deeper level of intelligence analysis that the difference is an ICA is sort of
40:04
an official document that's put together. The presidential daily briefing could be on anything. It's not necessarily from the intelligence
40:09
community. This PBD was the evidence that the intelligence community had at the time to speak to what Russia did,
40:16
what they were capable of, and what their motivations were. And that assessment in Wait, the president daily briefing
40:22
included every single thing the intelligence community knew about Russia's motivations for the election intrusion stuff. That two-page document,
40:29
the two-page PDP was all the intelligence. Then what was that statement? Well, the argu what I'm saying is that
40:36
the presidential daily briefings could be a bunch of things, right? It doesn't have to be intelligence, right? It could be a PBD on here's, you know, here's the
40:43
what the, you know, whatever he wants to say. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Sure. That's president. So, it's not the same as an
40:49
official ICA. However, this particular PBD was seeking to inform about what
40:55
Russia did in the election. It was giving a brief summary. An ICA is going to be more intensive. This is just sort
41:01
of like what you would expect to see in a summary of an A. And what this summary said was, look, they tried to hack like
41:08
election infrastructure. We don't think they were successful. There's no evidence that they were able to change any votes or anything like that. And
41:14
just like when they leaked all this stuff like with Wikileaks and like that, we think that their motivation was that
41:19
they're just trying to mess with the system and disparage both candidates. That's what it said. Wait, it didn't say dispar. It didn't
41:26
never say disparage both candidates. You're adding that word, but okay. The word the the specific word was,
41:32
right? Let me see the specific This is This is hilarious. It says which we assess probably were intended to cause psychological effects
41:38
such as undermining the credibility of the election process and candidates. Oh, so okay. It didn't say disparage. It
41:44
said undermine credibility of I mean it's a joke, Destiny. Come on. You do this [ __ ] all the time. The semantic
41:49
game. So, okay, my bad. It didn't say disparage the candidate. It said undermine the credibilities of the
41:55
candidates. Like, so and Destiny, he knows he's wrong about this. He knows that. He's just like, well, just because
42:01
they said what the motivation was, Obama didn't specifically ask them and tax them with saying what the motivation
42:07
was, so we shouldn't count that. Now again on December 9th what we see is immediately when Obama's like no that's
42:13
well just before I move on from this because like um I guess so for Tom I don't know if you have to make a ruling or what because obviously we disagree
42:18
massively here. So my statement is that this presidential daily briefing this was not an indepth exploration of what
42:24
Putin was doing or what his um what his motivations were for disrupting the election. This was basically an
42:30
assessment of what types of attacks can we expect or what types I'm sorry what types of attacks do we think occurred um
42:35
in this election. Right? And my the sourcing on this is literally just the first paragraph of this daily briefing is we assess that Russian and criminal
42:41
actors did not impact recent US election results by conducting malicious cyber activities against election
42:47
infrastructure. Um they talk about the compromise of an Illinois voter registration database and an unsuccessful attempt in other states.
42:54
Um, okay. And then they say, "Election monitoring and the type of systems targeted, infrastructure not used to
43:00
cast or count votes, make it highly unlikely that it would have resulted in altering any state's official vote
43:06
result. Criminal activity also failed to reach the scale and sophistication necessary to change election outcomes.
43:13
New election technology in the future that decreases diversity in systems and expands computer enabled functions, provides additional avenues to
43:20
manipulate votes, but it will remain a significant challenge to sway elections through cyber means. This daily briefing
43:26
was about it was asking were they able to change the outcome of the election. And one of these, the one that Rob is
43:32
reading off that he's saying, oh, this is about the motivations. It was them saying, we have low to moderate confidence in the Russian government's
43:37
involvement because of our uncertainty about its utility versus state actor. um a lack of observed effects from the low
43:42
profile operation uh and the actors use of obfuscation techniques uh which included substantial overlap with
43:48
criminal actors using similar targeting patterns and tactics. The activities did coincide with high-profile Russian cyber enabled data leaks during the election
43:54
which we assess probably were intended to cause psychological effects such as undermining the credibility of the
44:00
election process and candidates. So that statement there is saying that they weren't trying to change the outcome of the election for one candidate or
44:06
another. They were just trying to the the hacks targeting things were more related to psychological effects such as
44:12
they're not saying they tried to do both. They were saying such as here's examples of psychological effects. One psychological effect would be
44:18
undermining the credibility. Um the another psychological effect might be under undermining the candidates. Now in
44:23
a later assessment we find out they were trying to undermine one candidate but this assessment is not about Putin's
44:28
motivations. And you can see that throughout this entire president daily briefing. No other part of this is going to address Putin's uh motivations. And
44:34
the idea that they would include such an important tidbit of information in one sentence, in one bullet point about a
44:39
PDB that's not really related to that at all is actually kind of funny, I guess, unless you haven't read the context of any of the ICAS that have come out since
44:45
this. Okay. Uh, so interesting strategy here. Destiny's hoping if he reads a bunch of words really fast, he'll be
44:52
able to employ some smoke and mirrors so that you don't read the actual language that this says. This is a three-page
44:58
summary of what the intelligence community has found. They were talking about the things that they were able to do such as hacking the DNC and those
45:05
sort of cyber hacks that they had, hacking sort of voter registration rules, attempts to do that. And they said that the motivation with this uh
45:12
just like the motivation with the DNC leaks and all of that stuff was to undermine the candidates credibility and
45:19
to psychological warfare and distrust in our system. That's what they said. Destiny could read as fast as he wants.
45:24
A bunch of other said, "No, no, actually, you shouldn't trust that because what they're talking about specifically is the fact that they're trying to undermine the election through
45:29
election infrastructure and things like that." So, yeah, even though it says that they're undermining the credibility here, it doesn't really matter. None of that matters. Destiny is trying to pull
45:35
spoken beards. I will read it again to you slowly because I don't have to rush through it like some [ __ ] so that you
45:41
don't understand the language. It says, and I quote, "The activities did coincide with
45:48
high-profile Russian cyber enabled data leaks during the election, which we assess were probably intent probably
45:56
were intended to cause psychological facts such as undermining the credibility of the election process and
46:02
the candidates. When all else fails, just read a bunch of irrelevant really fast and say that this line doesn't
46:08
matter." He'll have you believe that this was just an accident. They accidentally included this. it it clearly wasn't what they intended to
46:14
say. Or he'll say, "Oh, it didn't say that they disparaged the candidates." That's wrong, Rob. It said it undermined
46:20
the credibility of the candidates. It's a joke. The point is, this was what Obama was looking at. The next day, he
46:27
calls a meeting and says, "I need a new A." And within that evening, there are leaks to the Washington Post, which
46:33
would then go out to the New York Times and other places saying, "It's it. We've reached a consensus. The intelligence community has reached it as consensus
46:39
hours after Obama tasked us with this." Yep. It turns out unlike everything we've said previously, the motivation
46:45
was to help Trump Russia or for to help Trump from Russia. Now, we could get into the three pieces of evidence that
46:50
we've been stalling for the past hour if you want that shows how weak and flimsy this argument was. Would you like to
46:57
move there, Destiny? Um, yeah, we got both interpretations. Is it is it possible that it it is both?
47:04
Because I I like it sounds like when I listen to both of you read these, it sounds like to me that at one point it's
47:09
talking about the fact that they do want like both sides to be fighting with each other so that it causes like a bunch of
47:16
um you know internal strife within our uh you know partisan sides. But then the
47:23
other thing could be that that is also like step one or part of the plan to eventually help somebody win.
47:30
Oh my god, this guy's a genius, Tom. Correct. But well, but but well, hold on. But but
47:36
Rob, you're saying that because they came to the conclusion like very quickly that uh that that mean like you would
47:42
say that that looks like they didn't do a whole lot of investigating into this, right, Tom? I'm saying what I'm saying is I
47:48
think your bias is clouding your judgment here. What I'm saying is quite simply they spoke they spoke on the
47:55
motivations of Russia. They said that the motivation was to cause distrust. They didn't say, "And maybe we'll later
48:01
find out it was to help Donald Trump." They didn't say it. Is it hypothetically true that they wanted to sew distrust
48:07
and help Donald Trump? Sure, but they never said it. It's also hypothetically true that they wanted to sew distrust
48:13
and they were trying to get on the apprentice and that's the reason they were doing this. Just because two things
48:18
aren't mutually exclusive doesn't mean that we should assume that that's something that could have happened. There is zero evidence. Zero evidence.
48:25
In fact, to the contrary, they're speaking. The intelligence community is saying, "We've assessed the motivation.
48:30
The motivation is to have distrust in our system and to undermine the credibility of both candidates." Obama
48:36
orders an intelligence community assessment to be redrawn. The day after that, within that night, they're saying,
48:41
"We've reached a consensus. Russia interfered to help Russia." And when you look at the ICA, there's only four
48:46
pieces of evidence that they use. One is the Steel Dossier, which even if I want, I could concede
48:52
Destiny's argument that no one saw it. It's laughable that they included it just because funsies like
48:58
But they didn't include it. Do you want me to I give you the quotes from them fighting over whether it was in it was in the annex.
49:05
Correct. But that's it. It was quarantined off in the annex. That's it. Yeah. Certain people got to see that.
49:12
None of that nothing was used nothing was built on the A from the sealed dosier. Do you acknowledge that? Bren
49:17
Brennan specifically had said, right? One of the things he had said was when he was approached by his own
49:23
intelligence officials, uh, we don't like this. We don't think it should be included. He says, "Yes, but does it ring true?" That's what he said.
49:30
Wait, wait, what are you reading? What are you What are you quoting from, Rob? Uh, let me see. Yeah, go ahead and link us in the chat
49:36
and we'll read the whole thing. Um, Tom, another thing to chew on um for that. So remember what I said that the the title
49:42
of that PDB of the president's daily briefing was cyber manipulation of US election infrastructure to remain a
49:48
challenge. So the sentence that Rob is reading the activities that's the cyber uh manipulation did coincide with
49:54
highprofile Russian cyber enabled data leaks during the election and then the next part of the sentences which we
50:01
assess probably were intended to cause psychological effects such as undermining the credibility of the election process and candidates. Right?
50:06
So the activities that they're talking about here, my guess is these are like the particular vote manipulation things.
50:11
If you're looking for a broader IC assessment on do they favor one candidate or another, this PDB is not
50:16
talking about what were the motivations behind the high-profile Russian cyber enabled data leaks. They're just talking
50:22
about like the targeting of electoral systems. It's not just it's not that's not like a summary of asking for
50:29
at the time that Obama's asking for another analysis. Do you No, no, wait. Hold on. Don't you're buying into So you're buying into Rob.
50:35
He's not asking for another analysis. He's asking for a formal ICA assessment. Presidential daily briefings are not
50:41
like, "Oh god, I don't like this. I need something new." This is just he wants to build off of that. Now, it's essential to Rob's framing that he's saying he
50:48
rejects that these aren't published. These aren't public. And none of this is rejected. There's nothing in the PDB that's um that's contradicted by the
50:55
later ICA. Like that's not true at all. Right. The ICA is just a more formal like a PDB is is Rob is kind of right is
51:00
like intelligence officials basically like what are we briefing the president on today? Here you go. an an intelligence community assessment. Now,
51:06
that's where the intelligence community, the individuals are like, "This is why you have emails back and forth from people. I think for the first one, like the FBI was like, "Hey, we don't sign
51:12
off on this. Like, we actually we're not going to be put on this. Like, we don't like the way that this is phrased. We don't have this assessment here." People, the intelligence uh community
51:19
will fight over whether or not they're included in an ICA. And what degree of confidence is there? I don't even know. Um Oh, yeah. Yeah. That the ICA stuff is
51:26
is a is a way more formal assessment. So, asking for an ICA doesn't mean that you're rejecting your PDBs. It's just like, "Oh, this sounds really
51:32
interesting. Can we put together something formal on this? Uh, again, they already have all this information
51:37
at the time. There's no reason. Yeah, there's no reason. And that's why Rob has no
51:43
Yep. You guys just have a discussion about it. Cool. I mean, I would do that, too, if I was getting blown the out. Uh, no, but he conveniently just just Tom,
51:50
just to clarify what he's doing here. No, it's not just speaking on Oh, they're just looking at whether or not
51:55
they manipulated votes and you got voter registration rules. They're just seeking to speak on that and the PBD is not this
52:00
important thing. No, the PBD is updating the president on what the intel community is working on. The intel
52:06
community at that point is working on Russia interfering in our election. So, at this point, what they're specifically
52:12
talking about in this PBD is we're looking at claims that they tried to hack election infrastructure and they're saying, "Yeah, we don't think they were
52:18
successful." Just like when they released the Wikileaks, we came to the
52:24
conclusion that the reason for this was just to meddle in the system to cause psychological damage and to undermine
52:30
the credibility of the candidates, both of them. So, Destiny saying, you can't source that, Rob. Just to be
52:36
clear, Rob can't source that from anyone. I can source everything I just told you. I can find a priority. I think I already read it when they targeting the election.
52:41
Would you like me to do it again? that they released that they released the DC
52:46
CC and the DNC hacks to undermine both candidates. How does that even make sense? It was
52:51
just attacking the Democrats. That doesn't make sense, Rob, let me let me read it again. You ready?
52:56
You want to know what they said about it? I asked you. Hold on. You think you think that you No, I just I just want No, you don't
53:01
have to read the quote. We've seen it. But I'm curious. You think that the intelligence community said, "Wow, they leaked stuff from the DNC and from the
53:08
DCCC that is all about Hillary Clinton, the Democrats. They did that though just to attack the whole system. You think the intelligence community assessment
53:14
said that? Yes. And then why and then why did they change? Yeah, I know you're gonna read the same thing. Wait, so but then why
53:21
did they change their entire why did they so then so then Rob's story my story is they changed their assessment
53:26
by the time the January IC you interrupt me like Sorry. Go ahead. No, he wants Let him read his quote. Let him read his quote. Let him let him read his quote. He wants
53:33
to reread the exact same quote again. He lives in quotes. This guy lives and dies in single sentences. I I think I'd be I think I've been very generous like of
53:39
leaving you speak when you want and you constantly interrupt me. So if Tom's not going to do anything about it and you keep insisting then I'll interrupt you. I don't give a
53:44
I just told him to stop so that you could talk doing this. He's accusing me of making your arguments. You're
53:50
accusing me of making his arguments. I like I go ahead rep. The reason I believe that's what the
53:56
intelligence community was saying was because that's their words. Again, the activities that coincide with
54:02
highprofile Russian enabled data leaks during the election. I said, "Destiny, what do you think they're talking about there?" You said, "Yeah, the dcc leaks,
54:09
the things that went to Wikileaks, right?" So, they're saying these activities go with the Wikileaks and the hacks of the Podesta and DCC leaks,
54:16
which we assess probably were intended to cause psychological effects, such as undermining the credibility of the electors and the candidates.
54:23
Those things are not part of this PDB, Rob. That's what they're discussing. There you go. But they're talking Yes,
54:29
you're right, Destiny. They're This PBD was talking about something. Will you acknowledge this could happen? That the
54:35
intelligence community could be looking at various things that Russia did at the same time. Will you acknowledge that? That's not what this was about. They
54:41
they were only talking about election. Rob, they were not talking about the DCCC hacks. They weren't talking about
54:47
the email leaks here. Rob, if you go down to 47, you can read. Why are they writing this article now?
54:53
Why are they writing this piece will build upon our previous 14th of September PDB provide by providing
54:58
assessments on observed cyber activity against US elections up until November 8th. While there were more notably or
55:04
while there were notably more high-profile cyber operations surrounding this election cycle, this piece discusses election infrastructure
55:11
specifically and what we observed. This was not tasked with finding out the motivations of Vladimir Putin in his
55:16
intrusion in the election. It was just why were they going after election systems to cause psychological warfare, not to change the out election. That's
55:22
it. That's all this was tasked with. That's it. Okay. Since you're incapable of answering a yes no question, I'll answer
55:27
as if a good faith person was. Destiny. Do you think it's possible that the intelligence community could been looking at multiple things that Russia
55:33
interfered? Yes, Rob, I do think that's possible. Oh, thank you for finally answering this. Okay, so previously they
55:39
could have been releasing assessments that said there were the Wikileaks hacks, right? They could have done that like maybe in September.
55:44
They were tasked with that. That's why the ICA was requested. That's what Obama asked them for. They said, "Hey, put together an assessment of all of us."
55:50
That's what the point of the request. Rob, I just want to be clear. Your argument is the intelligence community never
55:56
sought to figure out what was going on with the hacks. They did, but they when are they presenting this to the
56:02
president? That was the goal of the requesting of the intelligence community to assessment. Do you think they just email him every day? Do you think Comey
56:07
is like, "Hey, Barack, what's up, dog? Just let you know. We found this thing." No, dude. This is why Obama asks them,
56:13
"Give me an ICA. Tell me what's up with everything." That's the whole point. This is why Comey fought to include the dossier because he's saying, "I don't
56:19
even know if the president's been briefed on this. I don't even know Trump knows about this." This was his words to McCabe when he was when he was arguing to include it in the ICA. Yes. You're
56:27
sping your spuring out has nothing to do with the facts of the matter. So, I want I want to ask you this. In September,
56:32
they put forth an what you're calling an ICA, correct? Uh September was the first one of the two we're talking about. Yes.
56:38
Did they mention Wikileaks hacks or anything there? Um I believe they did. Yes, I think.
56:43
But wait a minute. They weren't tasked with that. They weren't taxed with it. How could they possibly do it? They weren't tasked. They weren't ted,
56:51
Rob. They were tasked with it. It was an AA. You just said it. That's why he's asking for a second ICA. You're trying
56:56
to compare that ICA to the presidential daily briefings. You dip. You just tried to trap me and you walked into your own
57:02
rake. No, you idiot. My point is it doesn't matter if it's an ICA or not. The intel community was immediately
57:08
tasked with figuring out what went on with the hacks of the DNC. That's one of the reasons that they started Crossfire
57:14
Hurricane in the first place. So your argument, well, they never really sought to figure out the motivation or what was
57:19
going on with those hacks is a joke. and they were constantly giving reports to President Obama. Now, regardless of all
57:26
that, you've already conceded. You conceded the September ICA, which you're now saying one, including information
57:31
about Wikileaks hacks. Correct. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Did not conclude.
57:38
Second, it did not say that the motivation was to help Donald Trump. Correct. Yes. Because they didn't think that they
57:43
didn't have a high degree of confidence that those came from Russia when they made that first ICA.
57:48
Thank you so much. So, there's the point. So the the the 20 thou the September ICA didn't say that it was Russia that hacked.
57:54
They didn't have a high degree of confidence that the hacks were from Russia. They did by January.
57:59
Okay. What was the degree of confidence they used? Was it low to middle or whatever? Did they seek to say what the motivation
58:06
for Russia could have been? Um I they I think it was just general at the time is what they thought.
58:13
What What did it say? Well, I don't know. I have to scroll up and find it.
58:19
You've read it really fast several times. Um, I did. I don't know. I I mean like so on page what six of this. So one
58:25
thing they say is if the disclosures of the DNC and DCCCCC documents were indeed orchestrated by the Russian intelligence
58:31
services, those services would very likely have sought Putin's approval for the operation. We make this assessment
58:36
because the expected high-profile nature of the resulting controversy and the high likelihood that the disclosures would be linked to Russia because of open source reports about Russian
58:42
involvement in the DNC and DCCC hacks. So, like they didn't have a high degree of confidence at that time. Although, if
58:48
they did get a high degree of it, then it would probably change their assessment of Putin's involvement and Russia's motivations, which it did. It
58:55
did. So, my understanding, if I remember, it's been a while since I read the September ICA, was that it said that
59:00
the monkeying of Russia, it didn't just say those hacks, it was talking about other Russian interference. That it was done in the same reason that it's always
59:07
done in general to sow distrust in our system. Correct. If I remember correctly, you're clearly expressing
59:13
your mind. Yeah. in the Yes, that was the initial assessment in September, but until they had more information, you you gather
59:19
more information as time goes on. Rob, notice so notice what happens is now you're moving the gold post. So the goal
59:25
post Hold on. No, no, I'm sorry. Now I'm going to restate my entire thing from start to finish. You keep saying I move the gold post. I moved any gold post in
59:30
the in September. They are tasked with here's what the intelligence community thinks about things. Okay, they now the DNC and the DCCC hacks happened. They
59:37
didn't have a high degree of confidence that these were done by Putin. They have had prior attacks and election interference that Russia has done as
59:42
well as other actors. They're trying to determine what are the likelihood that they can hack the whole election to change crazy things like that. Um, you
59:47
know, they think that's probably not the case. If they are going to do any hacks, it's probably just going to be with our election system. We don't know at this point if they have any clear, you know,
59:52
preference for one candidate or another. Maybe they just want to like throw discord into everything. But by the time January rolls around and they find out,
59:58
ooh, grew operatives were personally involved with that DC leaks website. They were personally involved in
1:00:03
disseminating information about the Democratic party to attack them. And Trump was in statements to the media and
1:00:08
through Russia today showing a clear preference for one cand. And over time come January the assessment changed.
1:00:15
You're repeating does nothing. So what happened is uh we could see then that they were tasked with looking at the motivations
1:00:20
for the it was absurd. I had to prove that because it was absurd. I said that the entire time for the IC they were for
1:00:27
the PDBs they weren't. Do you agree with that? For the PDBs they weren't. Oh. What evidence do you have? Do any of the PDBs speak to the general motivations?
1:00:33
Not not just like the this is with the electioneering hacking. Do any of them say we think that Trump did not prefer one candidate over another?
1:00:40
This one. No. Okay. So, you're going to reread the same sentence about the Right. This one. And so, so now that we know that they were tasked with finding
1:00:46
the motivation about the Wikileaks hacks and we know that they were updating, that's what a PBD is. Updating this is
1:00:53
what we're working on. The reason I asked PBD is about a particular thing. It's not everything they're working on. You're wrong there.
1:00:59
Well, it's the intelligence community is talking about this specific thing they're working on, but a PBD is about in general anything possible that want
1:01:06
to update the president on. So, here's what happened. They looked at the Wikileaks. Here's another area that they're looking at. Possible
1:01:12
infrastructure hacks of voter registrations, etc. At this point, it's after the election, right? So, now we're
1:01:17
in December. The September ICA that was looking at the hacks, right? They came to their best conclusion of what was going on there. And they're still, would
1:01:24
you acknowledge this? Most likely, they're still researching after September. They didn't just throw up their hands and say, "We're no longer
1:01:29
looking at the DNC hacks." You acknowledge that? Yeah. They say the FB and the NSA have low confidence in the attribution of the
1:01:35
data leaks to Russia. Yes. Okay, great. So now here's what we got in totality. They're continuing to look
1:01:40
at that. They sought to speak on the motivations of September. It was like pulling teeth to get you to admit that they were at one point tasked with that.
1:01:47
So they're at one point. I said that I'm going to repeat this again because you keep lying about this. They that is what the ICAS are for. You
1:01:52
keep mixing up PDBs with ICAS. I've always said that's what the ICA are for. The PBD the PBD this time what they're
1:01:58
saying is okay here's what's going on Obama. We're looking at this sort of potential hacking voter registration and
1:02:04
and ultimately we think the conclusion and this is they're still working on the DNC hacks. They're still working and
1:02:10
they say we think the conclusion of why they did this and I'm quoting now they coincide with high-profile Russian cyber
1:02:17
enabled data leaks during the election which we assess probably were intended to cause psychological effects such as
1:02:23
the undermining of the credibility of the election process and candidates. In other words, what you just admitted was the entire time they would have been
1:02:29
working on this, they were tasked with finding the motivations. They at the time of December 8th, the best evidence
1:02:35
they had on the motivations was they're just with both candidates, both credibility and with our system. That's
1:02:42
the conclusion that they drew on December 8th. Your argument is laughably. One day later, one day later,
1:02:49
they reached a consensus that was totally opposite of that. that they're talking to the Washington Post saying,
1:02:55
"Actually, we have a consensus that the motivation's completely changed. It was to help Trump." That's laughable.
1:03:00
Okay. I You just don't understand the conversation or the context. I don't know how else to want to go to
1:03:06
Yes. I want to move on. I want to move on the three things, the three pieces of evidence, right? Number
1:03:11
one. Also, wait, where you pulling this from? Link link where we're reading from. What are we pulling this from? It's from It is from the Durham Annex.
1:03:18
So, um I don't know if Oh.
1:03:23
Is this I screwed up the URL on this?
1:03:30
What? Uh the 29 page the declassified Durham annex released by Chairman Grass. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's not that
1:03:36
one. Uh let me see. It was the one released by Tulsi Gabbert. Um let me
1:03:42
bring it up. Newly declassified appendix to the Durham report.
1:03:47
Oh, uh, approve for release DNI July 22nd, 2025. The oversight investigation
1:03:53
and referral, the intelligence community assessment, April 18th, 2020.
1:04:00
Um, let me see. I I screwed up the URL, but I think it's saved on my uh bookmark, so I could find it for you
1:04:06
real quick. Can you DM me this, Tom, or I don't see where it's posted at.
1:04:11
I don't see it either.
1:04:21
Where can I put this for you guys to see? Uh, there's a chat on the side here. I
1:04:27
can create a group real quick if you want or just once he links it, just send it to me in a DM because I can't open my
1:04:32
[ __ ] up. Okay. Where do you Where do you want me in the chat? I just created a I just created a group
1:04:39
DM. So, a group just put it in there. That'll make it easier for everybody.
1:04:50
Okay. Okay. You got that? Mhm. Okay.
1:04:55
What page are we on? Let's go to page six of the file
1:05:01
like six out of 46. Okay. Uh well, actually on the left there. So So click page six. It'll actually be
1:05:07
page four, but it's page six right now. You see the light blue? Wait. So it says like six on the bottom.
1:05:14
No. Page four on the bottom, page six on the left side. Okay. You see what I mean? All right. Here's the three pieces of evidence. Number
1:05:20
one, one, scan, unclear, and unverif.
1:05:25
Okay. I think Durham did a good job at his report. I think that's a real ass ninja. I have respect for him. Um, to be
1:05:31
clear, this comes from the dog [ __ ] House Intelligence Report, which was 46 pages, included no new information, and
1:05:36
was an absolute joke when it came out, and was contradictory to the 996 page report that came out of the Senate Intelligence Committee, and it
1:05:42
contradicts findings from the DERM report. But go ahead, we can read. Now, I believe this is from the annex of
1:05:47
the Durm Report. Let's scroll up to the top and see what that says. Well, so the URL you gave me says declassified HPSCI.
1:05:58
Maybe you're right. Maybe this isn't I'm I'm mixing up. Nonetheless, like the idea that you just I can tell it's not Durham because I can
1:06:04
tell it's not Durham because the writing is dog [ __ ] It looks like a House Republican who's barely functional in terms of being able to breathe and talk
1:06:09
at the same time. Okay. So then before Before I do this, show me all the evidence in the A that
1:06:14
they used to say that uh Russia favored Trump. Go ahead. Oh, we can go back to the IC you want. I
1:06:20
don't know how much that is available in the ICA versus what's classified.
1:06:26
This was looking at the classified information including in the Durham annex. This was the three pieces of evidence they had.
1:06:31
Yeah, but you're asking access to other information. I'd love to see you're asking me to take the Why would I take the word of a House Intelligence
1:06:37
Committee versus the the entire intelligence committee signing on to um
1:06:43
an ICA? Why would I ever trust just a single House committee over that? Especially one that releases a 46 page report on this.
1:06:49
Also, I don't know that uh uh I don't know where you're getting
1:06:54
that this is particular. Let me see. Let's scroll down to the bottom and make sure that you're correct in your assessment that this wasn't from Durham
1:07:02
or it wasn't a compilation. Nonetheless, like the House assessment also doesn't speak
1:07:08
as to what their direct evidence was. It just says, "Yeah, we agree. We saw evidence. We think that Trump was connected that Russia was trying to help
1:07:14
Trump win." That's it. I prov I welcome you. You're so confident in this. We're
1:07:19
at least looking at people that were looking at this and looking at the available evidence saying, "Okay, we looked. Here's the available evidence.
1:07:24
Here's what intel people were saying, right? They were saying like, "What the [ __ ] This is really bad." And yet this
1:07:30
was the evidence that was included. And I can tell you what the I can tell you what the ICA assessment is. And you want to counter that with what the House
1:07:36
committee's assessment was, which stands in contrast to Durham, which stands in contrast to the ICA, and it stands in
1:07:42
contrast to the Senate intelligence report, which is almost a thousand pages long. If you want to throw your lot in with these guys, and that's fine.
1:07:48
It does not stand in conjunction against Durham. It doesn't. Does Durham ever
1:07:54
agree with any of this? Does Has Durham come out and say, "Oh, yeah. We I think that they were incorrect in their assessment that Putin developed a favor
1:07:59
for one candidate over the other." I believe he I I'm not quite sure that he uses those words specifically. I
1:08:04
could look into it. Okay. Right. He didn't. But nonetheless, like it's it's like So, just to be clear, you have no evidence
1:08:10
whatsoever. You're just completely taking a face value without seeing any evidence that this is incorrect and that
1:08:15
actually there's evidence that we're not looking at that Russia was in fact interfering to help Trump.
1:08:21
That's your claim? I don't have a TSCI clearance and I'm not going to need to know. I don't have top secret clearance so I don't know what you want me to say.
1:08:26
So the um I mean like the state the statement in the ICA and again I don't have TSCI. If anyone in my chat does or
1:08:32
is part of the CIA or as a cabinet member feel free to email me is we also assess that Putin and the Russian government aspired to help
1:08:38
President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her
1:08:43
unfavorability to him. The CIA and FBI now have a high confidence in this judgment based on sensitive information
1:08:48
not included in this version of the assessment. The NSA has moderate confidence in this judgment based on the same sensitive information. NSA's
1:08:54
confidence would be elevated to high with additional corroborating sources. Uh in trying to influence the US election, we assess the Kremlin sought
1:08:59
to advance its long-standing desire to undermine the USled liberal democratic order. The promotion of which Putin and other senior Russian leaders view as a
1:09:05
threat to Russia and Putin's regime. And then a bunch of this is censored, but um okay, that's that's fair. Uh, so wait
1:09:10
and one more thing. Putin most likely wanted his intelligence services to discredit Secretary Clinton because he blamed her since 2011 for inciting mass
1:09:16
protest against the regime in late 2011 and in early 2012 and holds a grudge for comments that he almost certainly saw as disparaging him judging from press
1:09:22
reporting. Given this, we assess with high confidence that the group was directed to pass material it collected to Wikileaks and other intermediaries.
1:09:27
Um, we assess that Putin, his advisers and and the Russian government developed a clear preference for President-elect
1:09:32
Trump over Secretary Clinton. We base this assessment on it's redacted and Russian state media, indicating that
1:09:38
Russian officials saw President-elect Trump as more favorable to key Russian interests and more in line with Putin's preference for leaders he views as
1:09:43
dealmakers. Throughout the election, Russian government officials characterize Secretary Clinton and Democratic politicians as particularly
1:09:49
unfriendly to Russian interests. Um, there's more here. I read if you want episode you want.
1:09:54
No, no, read as much as you want. Sure. Beginning in June, Putin's public comments about the US presidential race
1:10:00
avoided directly praising President-elect Trump. probably because Kremlin officials thought that any praise from Putin personally would
1:10:05
backfire in the United States. Nonetheless, Putin publicly indicated a preference for the president-elect's stated policy to work with Russia and
1:10:10
pro- Kremlin figures spoke highly about what they saw as his Russia friendly positions on Syria and Ukraine. Putin,
1:10:16
two positions that Trump seemed to be pretty Russia friendly on. By the way, Putin contrasted President-elect Trump's approach to Russia with Secretary
1:10:22
Clinton's aggressive rhetoric according to Russian press reporting. Moscow also saw the election of President-elect Trump as a way to achieve an
1:10:28
international counterterrorism coalition against the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. According to diplomatic
1:10:34
reporting, this Kremlin has uh the Kremlin has historically preferred Republican over Democratic candidates, judging that Republicans had been less
1:10:40
focused on democracy and human rights and were therefore easier to deal with. Putin has had many positive experiences working with Western political leaders
1:10:45
whose business with business interests. Uh Moscow assessed they it made them more disposed to deal with Russia such
1:10:51
as former Italian prime minister Sylvio Berlushkonei and former German Chancellor Gerard Schroeder. Uh Putin,
1:10:57
Russian officials and other prom pundits stopped publicly criticizing the US election process as unfair almost immediately after the election because
1:11:03
Moscow probably assessed it would be counterproductive to building positive relations. We assessed the influence campaign aspired to help President-elect
1:11:09
Trump's chances to victory uh when possible by discrediting Clinton and publicly contra the summer. Senior Russian diplomats and intelligence
1:11:15
officers assess Secretary Clinton was likely to win the presidency judging from blank and uh Russian reporting. As a result, we assess the Russian
1:11:20
government began to focus more on undercutting Secretary Clinton's legitimacy and crippling her presidency from its start, including by imputing
1:11:25
the fairness of the election. Moscow therefore held back some pre-election influence ever use. Yeah. Okay.
1:11:31
You good? Sure. Go for it. Okay. All right. Finding number three. The ICA failed to acknowledge that key
1:11:37
judgments on Putin intentions were based on raw intelligence that did not meet tradecraftraft standards. The ICD 203
1:11:42
instructs that intelligence tradecraftraft properly describe the quality and credibility of underlying sources to include factors affecting the
1:11:48
reliability of the information such as source access, motivation, possible bias, deceptions, and accuracy completeness. Accurate citation of raw
1:11:55
intelligence reporting is critical explaining the reader reliability evidence used to drive judgment. Yet the ICA disregarded these fundamental
1:12:01
sections that claimed Putin intended on Trump to win. Key classified reports cited in the ICA in support of judgments
1:12:06
of Putin developed a clear preference for candidate Trump and aspired to help his chances of victory contained flaws in terms of clarity and reliability. The
1:12:12
ICA omitted or obscured such information from contact statements that the CIA's directorate of operate had to had raw
1:12:19
human intelligence reports thus failing to warn the read the significant failings of the credibility and quality
1:12:24
of foundational sources. First Brennan the DCIA ordered the formation of the reports which failed to meet CIA
1:12:31
credibility standards in response to direction for president to make all information available. CIA officers said
1:12:36
the DCIA who is Brennan ordered the publication in early December 2016 of 15 new or revised CIA humanit reports
1:12:43
containing information on Russia activities collected prior to the election that CIA professionals had decided not to publish for various
1:12:50
reasons having to do with tradecraftraft standards. Most of the 15 were unremarkable but contained three flawed information and one of the and these
1:12:57
three became foundational sources the claimed to Putin aspired to have Trump win. Senior CIA officers said some of
1:13:04
the information in these reports have been judged to have not met various long-standing intelligence community standards for publication and that's why
1:13:10
they've not been published in the first two acquired. Two sensitive reports were not published on Brennan's orders. The
1:13:15
three reports were published after the election on Brennan's orders despite veteran CIA officers judgment that they
1:13:21
contained substandard information that was unclear of uncertain of origin potentially biased implausible or in the
1:13:27
words of a senior operations officer odd. The three reports became foundational sources for the ICA judgments on Putin preferring Trump. The
1:13:33
first one scan unclear and unverifiable fragment of a sentence from a single human report published under Brennan's
1:13:39
orders in 2016 constitutes the only classified information cited by the AA
1:13:45
for judgment that Putin ascertained to help Trump's chances of victory when possible. The ICA did not site any
1:13:51
report where Putin directly indicated helping Trump win was the objective
1:13:56
of this one clear fragment of a sense. They don't actually bring up anything in particular. All the sources are bad.
1:14:03
Made the decision to leak the DNC emails after he had come to believe the Democratic nominee had better odds of
1:14:09
winning the US presidential election and that candidate Trump whose victory Putin was counting on would most likely not be
1:14:14
able to pull off a convincing victory. What he's reading what he's reading right now. We don't know what was People
1:14:20
read it five different ways. The significance of this fragment to the ICA case that Putin aspired for candidate
1:14:26
Trump to win cannot be overstated. The major high confidence judgment of the ICA rest on one opinion about a text
1:14:32
fragment with uncertain meaning that may garble for which it's not clear how it obtained. This text which would have not
1:14:37
been published without Brennan's orders to do so is cited using only one interpretation of this meaning without considering alternative meanings. The
1:14:44
report containing the fragment did not directly say or imply that Putin developed a preference for Trump. Nor did it say that Putin ordered his
1:14:50
intelligence service to assist Trump's stances. The ICA presented only one interpretation of the unclear fragment and does so without following their
1:14:56
directives to publish distinguish between underlying intelligence information and analysis assumptions of
1:15:01
judgment without incorporating analysis of alternative explanations. Brennan overruled CIA professionals and
1:15:07
published the site of the ambiguous fragment. CIA officers and the component running the Russian operation described how two versions of the report, one
1:15:13
without the fragment and one with were published as the ICA was being written. Experienced CIA officers responsible for
1:15:18
Russia reporting evaluating raw and human intelligence initially omitted the fragment for the version of the report
1:15:24
which was published December 2016. DCIA that's Brennan countermanded their decision. However,
1:15:29
are we going to read the entire house report or Yes, that's what I'm going to do. That's what you're doing. So that's what I'm
1:15:35
seems. So the difference is that like yeah the difference is that so my my thing was an intelligence community assessment. This is just like a house
1:15:41
report that nobody else agrees with. There was no corroborating evidence for. There's about 40 pages to get through.
1:15:46
Please let me finish. Right. This means I'm winning when I just read thing. In fact, I could read it faster if you want like you do. Right.
1:15:52
What do you think is a more credible reporting? Do you think the intelligence community and every single cabinet level official coming together for their
1:15:58
intelligence um underlying intelligence agencies to agree on a particular thing? Or do you think the House committee that
1:16:03
came out and published this 46-page document where they agree with basically everything that they said except for the one part where they said that Russia
1:16:09
preferred Daddy Trump? I think that what's more preferred is what's looking at the actual evidence.
1:16:15
You don't know any of the actual evidence. I'm sorry. Wait, wait. What? Name one piece of actual evidence that you just cited. Uh the that the only classified piece of
1:16:22
information to say that Trump that Putin affected Trump was this one sentence fragment there. There's one. Where did it come from?
1:16:28
It came from the classified classified. It came from the cuts of the ICA.
1:16:34
Where where did they get it from? You have no idea, Rob. I don't know what any of this [ __ ] is because it's a dog report. This is 46 pages of trash that
1:16:39
the Republican House put out because they were campaigned. All right. And you can see the difference because if you want you can read the the thousandpage
1:16:45
Senate report, which is a real uh a real committee that actually tried to interview people. You mean the evidence?
1:16:51
We're not classified, Rob. I can't I can never win that debate with you. I can't show you the classified intelligence. Here's the question. If all of this was
1:16:57
if all this wasn't true, why didn't Trump just get a new ICA to say that, oh, this was not true? Why rely on House Republicans to do it?
1:17:03
What did it matter? What did it matter? Why would Trump need a new ICA?
1:17:08
What? To to be Why? Because why would you rebuke an ICA with a House Judiciary
1:17:13
Committee report or a House Intelligence Report? Why would you do it? You understand these two things are not the same, right? No. What what he's doing is he's showing
1:17:20
and now we see that the ICA is coming through in the form of Tulsi Gab, Kos Patel, etc. that are looking into this and they're actually interviewing people
1:17:26
that are whistleblowers, etc. Talking about the problems that were within. Really, what is the one? So, what is the
1:17:31
one biggest new piece of evidence they found? One new piece of evidence? Anything? I'm just reading to you. Yeah,
1:17:37
I just read you. There's only your entire argument is, well, we don't know what the ICA said. It's all classified.
1:17:42
That's [ __ ] It's not. You just read that wasn't classified. That's what they used to rely on. If it's true that this
1:17:48
is bull, let me finish. Yeah. Uh if this is true, that this is all
1:17:54
madeup [ __ ] then why hasn't anyone, John Brennan, anyone from the intel agencies, anyone from the Democrats that
1:18:00
were on the sort of uh Senate select committee that looked at all this, why didn't they say that's not true whatsoever? There were a ton of
1:18:06
information. First of all, I'm pretty sure people like Obama have come out and said this [ __ ] here. You know what? Let's play a game here. Hold on. Are you watching
1:18:12
this, Tom? Tom, what did what was my argument that there was uh that there was significantly different stuff that
1:18:18
uh came out from September to January, right? that that maybe that would have changed the intelligence committee's assessment.
1:18:24
There was more evidence after the September one. Yeah. Right.
1:18:31
This Okay. Yeah. This House report was was authored and released or I don't know if they
1:18:36
released it publicly. Um when was when did this even come out? Isn't this like four or five years old?
1:18:42
September 18th, 2020.
1:18:47
When was the second? When was the second ICA, Rob?
1:18:53
The second ICA was in January of 2021. 2016.
1:18:58
Oh [ __ ] You're a little Just kidding. Before this,
1:19:04
I still stand by what I say though. There's nothing Nothing new. Nothing new has come out in this. You don't have access to any of the underlying intelligence.
1:19:09
That's not true. That's not true. It's specifically classified. You have nothing. There's nothing
1:19:14
There's no underlying intelligence that you that you're citing. They're just saying that they're saying that we agree with every single thing basically the IC
1:19:20
said except we disagree with their assessment that they preferred Trump because it made them assigned.
1:19:26
No, what it's saying is that that was the key assessment that was used as the launching pad to go after Trump with all
1:19:31
these investigations. And that conclusion is [ __ ] I understand that's what they're saying, but why would I trust them over the over
1:19:38
an ICA? Because they're literally telling you what the intelligence officers that were
1:19:43
working on it were saying. That's what the A is literally telling you. It's supposed to give you the assessment. That's not
1:19:49
That's not what it's doing. What the A did was it just gave you at the end of the day a bunch of that Brennan put out
1:19:54
there that people that were working on it were like, "We have significant problems with this." No, they by the end they all signed up on it. You're you literally you're doing
1:20:01
what you're accusing you're doing what you're accusing Obama of doing. Rather than looking at the entire intelligence community assessment of a particular
1:20:07
thing, you want to take one or two pieces of data and say that you don't think these are credible and therefore you can make some broad assessment on
1:20:13
the entire situation. This is how we got into Iraq. This is literally the the Office of Special Plans right here. Why would I believe the House Intelligence
1:20:20
Committee's 46-page [ __ ] report where they say, "We don't think we lived up to their standards as opposed to the
1:20:25
Intelligence Committee's assessment where all of them are signing on to and and agreeing with and affirming each other's work. Why would I ever take just
1:20:31
that?" and the and why did the whole Senate Intelligence Committee, why didn't they come out and and reinforce the House's findings?
1:20:37
What's happening is that there were a huge abnormalities that went with this. There was a time frame crunch that they
1:20:43
said unlike anytime that we do this, you have to have it done within like a month or two before Trump comes into office.
1:20:48
There was the direct involvement of people like Clapper and Brennan and Comey, which is almost never done in these. And there was a tremendous amount
1:20:54
of influence and pressure being put on people including whistleblowers that have came out afterwards and said look
1:21:00
and unnamed people that are saying in here like we weren't comfortable with this senior CIA analysis. Who cares? You don't need every single
1:21:06
individual to be on board with a thing. That's why it's called a consensus. It's not it's not a unanimous approval. Of
1:21:12
course, there going to be some people that are uncomfortable with things. You're never going to have a unanimous approval of every single thing that comes out of intelligence. I'm sure
1:21:18
there are some people that disagree with certain assessments. At the end of the day, it's up you task the entire agency with doing an assessment and then the
1:21:23
entire intelligence committee of doing their assessment. I'm sure that you right. You acknowledge that there are probably individuals that disagree with
1:21:28
tons of random things that have gone out with a high level of confidence or assessment. No, I'm saying what we're seeing here.
1:21:34
Can you even admit that or you really can't even admit that? Can you admit that there are people that Sure. There's What I'm saying here is
1:21:40
this is giving a definitive list of the evidence that was used to come to this conclusion and it's all horseshit and you refuse to look at it because you're
1:21:46
like, "Ah, whatever. I don't like the house, so they must be full of I'll prefer. It's not that I refuse to look at it. It's I can't evaluate it. We can't
1:21:52
evaluate it. I don't know what the entirety of the A usage was. I don't have access to that information and the House is making it sound like they're
1:21:58
only relied on one or two things. If that's the case, why didn't Durham pick up on this in his report? Why didn't the Senate 900 1,000 page? Why didn't they
1:22:04
pick up on it? There was in the Durham annex was about this and the fact that you don't want to trust an in what did Durham say? Wait. Okay. What
1:22:11
did Durham say about it? What did Durham say about this? I don't know. I'll have to I'll have to go to it later. I have a bunch of documents out there, right? But the fact
1:22:18
that you'll trust people like Brennan and Comey and Peter Stro and these people in the intelligence community that clearly hated Trump and were
1:22:23
talking things about Will I trust the intelligence community about intelligence assessments over the House intelligence community? Yes, of
1:22:29
course. Yeah. No, I will by default. Yeah, of course. My entire argument My entire argument is that the intel community had a double
1:22:35
standard that was blatant the entire time. Your entire argument is, "Yeah, but I trust them." And that double standard was investigated right by Durham. Yes.
1:22:43
Yes. And now we're seeing now we're seeing Yeah. Do you want me to read what Durham said? You want to hear something? No, because we already know what Durham
1:22:49
said. Durham said that Durham said that the foundation, right, for some of the FISA warrants initially when the FBI was
1:22:54
not good, that the FBI suffered from a degraded practice that they were engaged in some political bias. He Durham said
1:22:59
did say that. What did he say about any of this [ __ ] [ __ ] nothing. Cuz there's nothing to say about it because this is all [ __ ] right? Durham had nothing.
1:23:05
He's talking about Well, wait. Durham said Durham said that there was no evidence that there was a preference for Donald Trump from Russia.
1:23:11
He said that in his report somewhere. Can you guide me to that or or show me that? I will say I will look I will look at the specific language. What Durham did
1:23:16
say in his conclusion was there was rot basically in that changing individual policies weren't something that was
1:23:22
necessary because the problem was that people in the FBI were basically acting without fidelity. First of all, he literally he literally
1:23:28
suggested policy changes. Okay. But he said that yes, but he said that they he said that they acted with political
1:23:34
bias. Yeah. And that they definitely there were things that they should have done a better job on. But not that anything
1:23:40
not here. Not with the ICA. The same intel people, the same intel people that did the bias with the fight wars and all
1:23:45
that up. What? What was Durham tasked with?
1:23:50
Durham was tasked with looking at the review of Crossfire Hurricane. Wasn't that just the FBI?
1:23:57
Uh, I think it would also have been Mueller. I could be wrong. The
1:24:02
Yeah, exactly. The ICA includes a whole bunch of other intelligence agencies. So just because the FBI had issues, especially related to the FISA warrant
1:24:09
stuff, right, doesn't mean that the entire ICA assessment now could be tossed because we think every single intelligence uh apparatus was completely
1:24:16
flawed, especially when it when nothing it doesn't seem like anything that they said was wrong. I don't even think anything wrong came out of the FBI
1:24:22
investigation. The only thing that sucked was the initial justification for the FISA warrants probably wasn't good, but it's not like all of their assessments are incorrect.
1:24:28
It's it's amazing like during your spuring how you don't understand that you actually subvert your own message.
1:24:33
So, if you're right that Durham was only looking at the FBI and he wouldn't have looked at the ICA because it was other
1:24:38
agencies, then how the you say, "But Durham would have said something that was corrupt because I don't see where I
1:24:43
don't see anybody else who touched on this idea." Well, no, because the wasn't the FBI part of the assessment of the ICA. The FBI is included in the ICA and
1:24:50
they agreed to sign off on all the claims that were made in it. So, now I literally read in the ICA that the FBI had a high degree of confidence.
1:24:57
Did you not hear me say FBI and CI and CIA and NSA? Like, these are all Yes. These are all part of these intelligence
1:25:03
community assessments. Yes, but but Durham didn't neither did the Senate report that went over this entire [ __ ] either. Nobody found any of
1:25:08
these wrongdoings that somehow Tulsi, who was elected, by the way, in order to say that the whole system is rigged and corrupt and hacked, has now magically
1:25:15
come out with a report saying the whole system is rigged and corrupt and by re-releasing old documents that everybody already had. Like that and
1:25:21
there is no strong evidence of literally anything that you're alleging at all except for this 2020 report saying,
1:25:26
"Well, we don't like some of the underlying evidence that they used." Even though I don't know why the I would trust the House intelligence over the
1:25:31
entire intelligence community's assessment here. All right. So again, you like the idea
1:25:36
that there everything was right is bull. The evidence is stark. It's here. It shows that there was scant evidence to
1:25:42
suggest that Russia was doing anything. The fact that we could see that there was bias that they were already leaking that this was conclusion. December 8th,
1:25:48
they said we don't think that that's the motivation. December 9th, they said yes, this is a consensus. This is a motivation. After they talked to Obama,
1:25:55
we see people that were working on this that said that they were pressured by Brennan. We have whistleblowers that have came out. When you look at the
1:26:00
evidence, wait, let's go one at a time. Well, one at a time through all these. So one, we have zero evidence of Obama directing anybody to change anything.
1:26:06
Correct. Right. We have no evidence of that. That's the first thing. Circumstantial evidence strongly suggests that it was after he got involved that this changed.
1:26:13
So So number one, we have no evidence of that. Okay. So then for the second thing, what was the second thing you said? The whistleblowers.
1:26:18
Yeah, we had people like these whistleblowers or people like that are listed here uh that were interviewed that
1:26:24
which whistleblower who are we talking about? So I just read that talked about the intelligence community officers that
1:26:29
were talking about all of these sentence fragments. uh the other three things that they were saying, "We didn't trust this. We thought that people were
1:26:35
reading it." Wait, are these whistleblowers or are these just people who were interviewed by the the House Intelligence Committee?
1:26:40
Okay, fair enough. Let's say people that were blowing the whistle but aren't really whistleblowers that were just
1:26:45
talking about problems they had with the A. Okay. And that doesn't necessarily mean anything, right? Like it's expected in
1:26:51
an intelligence organization with thousands of people, there are going to be some people that might disagree with assessments, right? that that doesn't mean that the assessment was bad,
1:26:56
especially when they can't point to any actual but we can't they're pointing to the actual saying this is what we were told
1:27:02
to do and this is why it's you're just like I don't I refuse to hear it because it was a Republican house that looked into it.
1:27:07
Sure. I mean, it sucks that we don't have like as opposed to the January 6th select committee where we had hundreds or thousands of pages of deposition
1:27:13
released, where we had video interviews, where we where we had a thousandpage report released at the end, getting a 46-page poorly formatted report where
1:27:19
some of the things that were cited in the report like didn't even make sense. Um, it's just kind of silly to rely on in contrast to the why didn't the Senate
1:27:26
Intelligence Committee report, which was a thousand pages, way more information, why didn't they stumble into these same problems? Are you saying that the ICA,
1:27:31
all the intelligence community and the Senate in their massive thous were all biased and Durham didn't find anything
1:27:37
and he was biased and Muller didn't find any of this and he was biased but that 46-page House report that was where the
1:27:43
where the truth was. I'm saying that where the 46 report talks about the actual I'm saying that
1:27:49
when they talk about the actual evidence was used and you can see the evidence is lacking. We should So Muller, the lifelong Republican,
1:27:54
Durham, the lifelong Republican, the Senate Intelligence Committee, and all these people, they all missed it. But
1:27:59
the House 46 page thing, they found it. Okay. Yep. You're right. The House
1:28:05
Go ahead, bro. Uh, so you're right. The House that released this in 2020 that was covered up by the Biden administration, right?
1:28:11
And then saying, "Oh, it's Tulsi that's releasing it. He she's corrupt. She's covered by the Biden admit she could
1:28:17
ignore." Wait, what's that? Couldn't Trump have just I'm sorry. Hold on. Who? Oh, wait. No, you just you
1:28:23
made the mistake now. This came out in September 2020. September 18th, 2020. Wasn't Trump still in office? Yes.
1:28:29
You So then so then it wouldn't have been covered by the Obama admin at that point then. Okay, that was Trump, mother.
1:28:36
Well, no. I know that Trump was there in 2020. What's that have anything to do with what I said? He couldn't have covered it up. This would have come out under Trump. How
1:28:41
could he have covered it up? He could have theoretically he could have I I don't I would guess that maybe it's
1:28:46
possible for the president to unilaterally declassify things that are being done by House committees.
1:28:54
Donald Trump literally said he could psychically declassify material he took to Mara Lago. You're going to tell me
1:28:59
that he's going to argue that he didn't have but you but you made the strongest that he covered this up. Why would this not have been released if it was they
1:29:04
probably didn't release it because it was [ __ ] and they knew it even back then it was [ __ ] Well, if it was [ __ ] then why wouldn't they just
1:29:10
say it? No one said no one said this is what Here's other things that it said. I assume this is [ __ ] too. Do you think it's [ __ ] when this report
1:29:16
specifically talking about evidence that they had of more wrongdoing of Hillary Clinton that Russia had hacked and they
1:29:22
chose not to release? Or is that all [ __ ] too? They just made all of this up out of wholesale cloth, right?
1:29:27
What do you mean that was they didn't have any evidence that Hillary Clinton did anything wrong? That's not true.
1:29:33
what our intelligence what our intelligence community found was Russia withheld tons of more uh indicted
1:29:39
evidence of Hillary Clinton than they actually what we knew no we they we don't know if they could have released any of that. We just knew that Russia
1:29:45
had plans to do propaganda in the United States. Okay. Uh here we go with some of this.
1:29:51
Here's some of the things that our intelligence found that Russia had that they did not they chose not to leak
1:29:56
about Hillary Clinton. In September 2016, the Russian Foreign Intelligence Service had Democratic National
1:30:02
Committee information that President Obama and party leaders found the state of Secretary Clinton's health to be
1:30:07
extraordinary alarming and felt it could have been a serious negative impact on her election house prospects. Her health
1:30:13
information was being kept in the strictest secrecy and even close advisors were not fully informed. Why wouldn't they release that information
1:30:19
if they were really trying to help Donald Trump? What? Well, it's funny because this is
1:30:24
part of the statement that I said makes this less credible is because they didn't even read the initial a
1:30:29
statement. What did the A say? The A said that by the end of the election cycle, all of the polling was favoring
1:30:35
Hillary Clinton so much that it was likely that the Kremlin was withholding some information with the goal of attacking Hillary after she won the
1:30:40
election and that's why they withheld some of their propaganda things. That's not true at all. In fact, this Wait, wait, wait. What's not true? What
1:30:47
I just said was not true. That wasn't literally something that I just read to you earlier in the eyes. Do you want me to go back and find it?
1:30:52
No. The You could go back and find it, but if they said that, they're inaccurate. In fact, the polls were getting remarkably closer as the
1:30:58
election day came close. You deny that? So, if the ICA spoke to the opposite of that, they're lying.
1:31:03
Hold on. Rob Noir, who I guarantee my life savings, I could go back and find a
1:31:09
billion videos of you saying, "Oh, the pollsters were so wrong." 99% of all the pollsters. You're telling me that the
1:31:15
poll said it was remarkably close. All right. Real clear. politics average,
1:31:20
right? I know. I've seen the same was like no. Oh my god. The rewriting of history in
1:31:26
real time right here, ladies and gentlemen. My claim was that the polls were really
1:31:32
wide saying Hillary was crushing and as the election was getting closer that shrank. They still said Hillary was
1:31:39
going to win. Your argument is the A said the reason that Russia wouldn't release any of this [ __ ] was the polls
1:31:45
as the election got closer were so wide margin of Hillary Clinton that they said ah there's no reason to even try. That's
1:31:51
your argument, right? That was what the A assessment of Russia was. Hillary won the election by 3 million votes in terms of popular vote
1:31:57
just you know. But yes, that was Russia's assessment according to our ICA. I want you you look up where the A
1:32:02
report says that that as the election was getting closer that the polls were widening and that Hillary was winning.
1:32:07
Here's what the real clear politics average was. October 17th, Clinton by 7. 18, Clinton 71. 19th, Clinton 65. Then
1:32:15
it's like in the sixes all the way down to the 23rd, 59. Then it's in the fives all the way down to October 28th. Then
1:32:21
it's 4.6. Then we get down to October 31st 3.1. November 1st 2.2. November 2nd
1:32:27
1.7. November 4th 1.6. November 5th 1.5. November 6th 1.8.
1:32:34
November 7th 3.2. So, as you could see, we started in October 17th, right? We
1:32:40
saw that the gap was incredibly huge. And then all of a sudden, and that's what this report's saying. If Moscow
1:32:46
wanted to interfere, they'd have been like, "Holy [ __ ] the polls are tightening. They're within like one or two points. If we release some of this
1:32:52
damaging information that's way worse than anything we've released so far, I just read you one thing. I could read
1:32:58
way more. It would really hurt to help turn the tide." You're saying, "No, the AA says they would have never done that." I'd like you to show me that
1:33:04
information. Okay.
1:33:16
In addition, while you're looking that up, you can interrupt me anytime you find it. Here's other things that our intel agencies found that Russia had.
1:33:23
They had hacked material that so they had hacked material from the DNC saying that Obama's team was scaredless about
1:33:28
Hillary's health, which was one of the biggest stories in the news cycle that everyone was being gaslit, wasn't happening. But they had information.
1:33:35
No, no. There's no evidence that any of those things are true. By the way, it doesn't matter if they're true. What
1:33:40
we have is it's true that Russia had material from Russia had propaganda plans. That's it.
1:33:46
There was no evidence it even had material from the team. That was just the propag. It is true. That's what Brennan literally said. Yes, that's that's not true. What this says
1:33:52
is this says that the SVR that our intelligence communities found that the Russian intelligence community had DNC
1:33:59
information. They had hacked DNC information that said that President Obama and party leaders found the state
1:34:06
of Secretary Clinton's health to be extraordinary alarming and felt that it would seriously negative and control or impact. Here's other emails that they
1:34:12
had through various hacks. They had possessed DNC communications that Clinton was suffering from intensified
1:34:18
psycho emotional problems including uncontrolled fits of anger, aggression, and cheerfulness. None of this is there's no verification
1:34:24
on any of this. Also, real quick, if you want to go to the ICA number two there, it is true. Page 89. We assess the
1:34:29
influence campaign aspired to help President-elect Trump's chances of victory when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting or unfavorably to the
1:34:35
president-elect. Later in the summer, senior Russian diplomats and intelligence officers assessed that Secretary Clinton was likely to win the
1:34:42
presidency, judging from blank blank blank and and Russian press reporting. As a result, we assessed that the
1:34:48
Russian government began to focus more on undercutting Secretary Clinton's legitimacy and crippling her presidency from its start, including by imputing
1:34:53
the fairness of the election. Moscow therefore held back some pre-election influence efforts for potential later
1:35:00
use. That's what the intelligence community assessed. I understand that your house intel [ __ ] um for their
1:35:05
46 page release that they disagree, but they don't even cite this to the ICA, which leads me to wonder if they even read it, but
1:35:11
that's that. So that's that quote there. And then information, keep going. Well, yeah. So So yeah. So the
1:35:19
the assessed that Russia thought that Hillary was going to win the election. Okay. And that's why they likely held some stuff back. At least I was in the
1:35:24
ICA. You're reading off stories right now um that that Russia said that they could leak, but there was no information
1:35:31
that any of these were true. At some point, I think Brennan communicates this to somebody saying like here are some things. Um I think Ratcliffe publishes a
1:35:38
memo or whatever, but if you read the memo that Ratcliffe publishes, he literally says like the intelligence community hasn't confirmed that any of this information is true. It could be
1:35:43
part of like a Russian disinformation basically. Nope, that's not true. Uh this clearly
1:35:48
says that they had hacked these things. They got it from and exposed. DC leaks and Guifer is where they got a lot of
1:35:53
this information, these emails they had. And that's Russian that's Russian propaganda. You cited the two Russian
1:35:58
propaganda websites. Yes. Okay. Was the information that was leaked then all Russian propaganda? So
1:36:04
everything they leaked from the DNC hacks and Podesta was all made up. Some of it was. Yes. Some of the emails were literally cobbled together. And and
1:36:10
to quote from the Ratcliffe thing because I know that you like to quote and debase one of these things. you like to quote that. Um, according to his
1:36:16
handwritten notes, former Central Intelligence Agency director Brennan subsequently briefed President Obama and
1:36:21
other senior national security officials on the intelligence, including the quote, alleged approval by Hillary
1:36:27
Clinton on July 26th, 2016 of a proposal from one of her foreign policy adviserss to vilify Donald Trump by stirring up a
1:36:32
scandal claiming interference by Russian security services. End quote. This is one of the pieces of information that supposedly came out, but the sentence
1:36:38
right before says, "The IC does not know the accuracy of this allegation or the extent to which the Russian intelligence
1:36:45
analysis may reflect exaggeration or fabrication." Um, all of this stuff was just stuff that the that the Russian
1:36:51
intelligence agents were going to try to leak into the United States. And we already know that some of the emails were faked uh because some of the emails that came out um trying to claim that
1:36:57
like for instance like that this whole Crossfire hurricane started in the Hillary campaign, some of those emails were assessed to be fake. that that our
1:37:03
intelligence belief. Yes, Russia did create these emails. Yeah, that did happen. So, the A says that they had this
1:37:10
material that they had hacked. Even if some of it, you could say that some of the stuff they hacked wasn't true. This is stuff they're saying that they
1:37:15
confirmed that they had communications from inside the DNC, etc. We know that they had access or at least they're
1:37:21
alleged to have access in this. This is what we get from the DC leak leaks in the first place. Now, before you spured
1:37:27
out and wanted to interrupt the own report there, notice it said by the end of summer. Yeah, by the end of summer,
1:37:32
you're right. It did look like that Hillary was going to win. However, the House report here or the review of the
1:37:38
ICA says the following. The ICA judged that Putin wanted to help Trump's chance of victory when possible by discrediting
1:37:44
Clinton and that he never abandoned this objective. Yet, when the race evolved to the point that it became possible for Putin to help Trump win, the polls
1:37:50
narrowed dramatically. So, after the summer, as I just showed you, polls were dramatically narrowing. And yet the GRU
1:37:57
warned Putin in early September that Trump would lose unless they had the intervention of remarkable derogatory
1:38:03
information on Clinton, which even if you're right that the information they had was fake, why wouldn't they release
1:38:08
it? Because well, if it was fake, well, remember, if we agree with the ICA, we agree that they had already assessed that um showing like having Putin come
1:38:15
out and go Trump would be my best friend, probably wouldn't be very helpful. Um the stuff that had been released relating to Hillary Clinton's
1:38:21
email server and the dcc hacks and all of that, these were real emails. If Russia starts dumping [ __ ] that's fake, I know this because I've been maligned
1:38:27
personally. The best thing that can ever happen to me is somebody mounting a bunch of fake [ __ ] attacks against me on top of some credible ones because
1:38:33
I get to ignore all the credible attacks. Just talk about the [ __ ] If Russia would have released some [ __ ] on Hillary that was clearly not
1:38:38
true. Like for instance, I don't know if you read this or not. I don't have it in front of me, but whatever you're reading from also says that Russia had determined, for instance, that like
1:38:44
Hillary Clinton had type 2 diabetes. What is it? Do you think that's true as well? And she's hid that the whole time
1:38:49
and some other like rare diseases or whatever, some other forms of disease. Like no, these are just [ __ ] propaganda things. Why would they release fake when they were getting so
1:38:55
much traction on the real stuff and when Comey was being so helpful to Putin already by announcing the the email investigation so many times?
1:39:02
You've been schooled by me several times on the Comey reopening the investigation. I don't know if you want to go back to that again. I'm more than
1:39:08
happy to school you once more. It's remarkable how many times we interact on some of these things and then after you
1:39:13
admit, yeah, I was wrong. You go back to the same old talking points as soon as we're done. So, I'd be happy to go back to the Comey reopening investigation.
1:39:20
Really means he was trying to help uh Trump thing. No, no, no. I'm not saying trying to say what the goal was. I don't
1:39:25
I I don't think I've ever said he was trying to help Trump. But I'm saying if you look at the intelligence community's posture relating to the 2016 election,
1:39:32
the intelligence community did way more to help Trump with the way the FBI made public statements than anybody else did to help uh Hillary Clinton.
1:39:39
So anyways, I'm going to keep that's not true, right? We can see that the investigations that they were going after Trump. We could see the leaks to
1:39:44
the press. He had the Michael Isizakov report that talked about these things. They were all after the election. These were after the election. After the
1:39:50
election, that's not true. The isakov report was in September. The Mother Jones story came out at the end of
1:39:55
October. Wait, is what is the isop report? The leaks you were talking about to the Yahoo news. The what? Yahoo news. Yahoo news report talking
1:40:02
about Carter Page. Okay, that wasn't that wasn't announcements made by the intelligence.
1:40:08
That wasn't Kobe going in front of a thing or Brennan or whatever McCabe going in front of like a microphone making huge announcements to the press.
1:40:14
Nobody knew about Crossfire Hurricane. Nobody knew about the whole the huge um
1:40:20
okay that these were leaks that were coming out the intel community about Okay.
1:40:25
Right. So the idea that nothing came out until after the election is not true. The Wait, who what do you think was more negative attention to?
1:40:31
Would you stop interrupting me? Like you're just lying so much what was more negative information coming out about
1:40:36
Trump or Hillary? It was Hillary the email [ __ ] obviously for me. I'm not going to lead the con interruptions. I don't give a what I'm saying is the
1:40:43
reason that there was investigation to Hillary that was announced was because it had to be announced because the House actually called for the investigation.
1:40:49
That's not true. It had to be. The House actually petitioned that absolutely was not abnormal for the House that was
1:40:55
actually subpoenaing records for the FBI to say, "Okay, we're going to look into this." Because the House was literally
1:41:00
subpoenaing Hillary Clinton's records. House Why would that force the FBI to announce anything?
1:41:05
They I guess it wouldn't, but everybody knew that they were investigating. Sounds like there are some political malfeasants are from the house then.
1:41:11
Crazy. The same house that you're citing for your House intelligence report, huh? Isn't that insane? Isn't that crazy?
1:41:16
Yeah. But anyway, it's not the same. So, yeah, there is something called the House of Representatives. So, if they've ever done one thing you don't like, we could
1:41:22
say that every House of Representatives is corrupt. That's your argument. Whether it be 2016, 2020, just
1:41:28
Republicans once, right? We got it. Right. Other evidence that they had here, right, includes that they had
1:41:33
these emails, right, that was suggesting that in August there were details of a secret meeting with multiple named US
1:41:40
religious organizations in which the US State Department representatives offered in exchange for supporting Secretary
1:41:45
Clinton significant increases in financing from department funds and the patronage of the state in dealing with postsviet countries. It had evidence
1:41:51
that there's no there's no evidence that that's that claim is true, right? It doesn't matter if the specific claim
1:41:57
is true if that actually happened. What matters is that they had evidence. They had emails that they had hacked that
1:42:03
said this and they could have released it. Hold on. I just want to be clear that I understand what you're saying. You're saying that you do not trust that our
1:42:10
intelligence communities as part of an ICA could come together and make a statement about Putin's motivations
1:42:15
correctly, but you trust our intelligence agencies to know what the Russian intelligence agencies know.
1:42:22
I'm Yes, sir. Is that is that what you're saying? Can you without talking around that? That that's what you're saying cuz all this information is
1:42:27
coming from our intelligence agencies. So our intelligencies are good enough to know what the foreign intelligence agencies know which is already insane
1:42:33
but they're not good enough to make an assessment of Putin's motivations. Yes. An assessment has to do with your
1:42:38
opinion on why something happened when raw data of what you're looking at is completely different. So if they're saying here is the evidence we have and
1:42:44
other investigating bodies are looking saying yep here's the evidence they had. We can see the evidence. We're looking
1:42:50
we're looking at the emails they have. We're looking at it. We see it right here. Here it is. We see it that's
1:42:55
different than saying the intelligence community's theory is this was the motivation. We know for example let me
1:43:01
let me ask you this question later on in this report it's going to talk about someone or in the Durham annex it's
1:43:07
going to talk about someone named Bernado or Bernadillo this was a guy from the Soros Foundation right and he
1:43:13
was emailing people connected to like the Hillary team and he says at one point this is where Hillary Clinton
1:43:19
concocted the Soros Foundation knows that Hillary Clinton was concocting this you know this story concocting what
1:43:25
the allegations that Trump colluded with Russia. Oh, yeah. That's completely and totally fake.
1:43:31
Okay. What's fake about that? There's zero evidence that the Clinton campaign was the one that began
1:43:36
concocting that in August or whatever? There's no evidence whatsoever. Okay. Okay. But was the email fake?
1:43:42
Which email? The the email that the se the intelligence community says they had?
1:43:49
Um, can you link me to the one? It might be because at least one of them was a fake email. Was this the one where they interviewed like every single person
1:43:54
involved and nobody knew where the where the email came from. Correct. Oh, they knew that email was fake and
1:43:59
the intelligence community assessed it as being fake. Yes. Okay. No, what it did, just to be clear, what it did said it was probably an
1:44:05
amalgamation of true emails. So, the information when it was true, but the actual email itself was put together.
1:44:10
Hold on. I need to know. Wait, wait, wait. Do you actually believe the statement that you just said? Yes, I do. You think that you can cobble
1:44:17
together random statements from other emails and that the email you put together from that is true afterward.
1:44:22
Are you actually that stupid? You're really saying that? That's the argument. Hold on. I wait. Link me the thing and we'll read the IC assessment and then if
1:44:28
you want to roll with that argue, you can. That is probably the dumbest thing I've ever heard you say in my entire life. But but link me the like a 22page
1:44:34
report that Tulsi released and also hoped that nobody would read the entire thing. And apparently you didn't either, but we can go through that if you want. Yeah. No, I read the entire thing. I read the
1:44:40
entire thing. Oh [ __ ] that's the wrong one. Uh oh [ __ ] Uh, nonetheless, we we'll get to this. I promise. No, find
1:44:47
it. No, wait. We'll find it. Wait. Find it. No. Wait. No. Wait. Wait. I was on a line of questioning and then we can get to this. I don't want
1:44:52
You're going to build a line of questioning off of a fake email. Off a fabricated email. Doesn't matter. It does matter. It's fake. The whole
1:44:58
point is to make you think the theory that you're about to say, Rob, how are you so stupid? You're that easy to control. What the
1:45:05
If you would stop spuring out, I would tell you. The only point that I'm trying to make here, let's assume it's 100% fake that Russia invented this whole
1:45:12
thing. And yet, did our intelligence agents get access to what Russia was claiming to have?
1:45:18
No, I don't think they did. Yes. Then how would they know that this fake email existed?
1:45:24
That the reason why they know that this fake email existed is because when they did a search of the entire database of
1:45:30
all the emails sent, one, they interviewed every single person organization, nobody had an awareness of this email being sent. Two, they
1:45:35
couldn't find the original email sent or received on any inbox. And three, they were able to match whole sentences from the email to other emails that were in
1:45:41
the Outlook system or whatever. So they assessed, oh, this email was probably a fabricated email. There were other
1:45:46
fabricated emails as well. Here's the fake email right there. See it? Fake email, right? It's fake. I made
1:45:53
it up. It's fake. The intelligence community gets this. They say, "Oh, we got this thing. Look, it's a fake email.
1:45:59
We think it's fake." But they got it from me. I had this. This is something they got from me. Correct. It might be
1:46:06
fake. I may have manufactured it, but they got it from me. Correct. Wait, wait, no. I thought, weren't these
1:46:12
part of a leak? Yes. This was a leak of information that
1:46:17
a foreign intel service found that they found that it was evidence that Russia had accumulated. Now, the argument is I
1:46:24
could for the sake of this argument, I could concede that this particular email was fake. That's not why I'm bringing it up. What I'm bringing up is our
1:46:30
intelligence agencies were getting information from themselves and from other foreign intelligence saying we've
1:46:37
basically hacked Russia and here's what they have there. Here's one of these emails they have right now. Your
1:46:44
argument when I'm talking about all these other emails that they had like they had emails about Hillary having
1:46:49
health problems that was being talked about at the DNC. They had emails that was talked about religious organizations. You're like no I don't
1:46:55
believe they had any of those. But my question is, I never said I don't believe they have them. I'm saying that I don't the the validity of those wasn't assessed. They
1:47:02
could have had a whole treasure trove of propaganda ready to go. We don't know if it was true or not. That's just what they're they were claiming on their propaganda side. That's why they were
1:47:08
going to watch it. The point So the point that I'm trying to make is it doesn't matter if the validity was true or not. Once they see
1:47:13
that the election's getting within one or two points and they've already we have reporting that says that they were
1:47:19
like, we think Hillary's going to win unless we release some bombshell and they have this bombshell [ __ ] the
1:47:24
bombshell. If it is, it does matter if it's true because if it's fake and it gets, okay, if it's fake and it comes
1:47:31
out and it's obviously fake, then it would probably hurt it would probably hurt Trump. It would look bad. Oh, look.
1:47:36
Russia is trying to attack Hillary Clinton. Wow, look at it looks like Putin does have a clear preference. You don't understand how releasing a fake
1:47:41
hit piece could actually help an opponent. Wasn't that the Republican talking point for the past five years that all of the uh uh investigations
1:47:48
into Donald Trump were fake and that all the criminal charges convictions were fake and that actually helped Trump? Why wouldn't this do the exact same thing?
1:47:54
Okay. Did they release fake stuff with the Wikileaks? I believe everything that came from the Wikileaks and DC League stuff was true.
1:48:00
I don't think anything was fabricated there. My understanding you just you just said previously, we know they did release the release.
1:48:06
The email things that you're talking about were not part of the DC leaks or Wikileaks. The Wikileaks and the DC
1:48:11
leaks, I think, were it was a different trove of emails or whatever. Yes or no? Yes or no? Earlier in this debate, did you say we know that Russia
1:48:18
released fake emails and we know they did that? You said that earlier in regards to this email that you're talking about. I'm asking you to link
1:48:23
it. I can go source it if you can't find it. But the thing that Tulsi declassified these particular emails that came from something in Clinton's
1:48:30
campaign or whatever. I don't think these were part of the DC leaks or Wikileaks. I don't think that they were released as part of that trove. That's why we just saw them
1:48:35
talking about Guifer. Yes. So the Guifer hacker the group. So he made a website not part of the
1:48:41
Wikileaks. No. So Wikileaks was an organization that Guifer handed all the leaks off over to because the DC leak site wasn't
1:48:46
getting enough traction. But this particular email we hadn't seen before until Tulsi declassified it. This I
1:48:51
don't believe this was ever leaked or part of the Wikileaks. That's why we're just seeing it now with Tulsi declassifying it. We never seen this before.
1:48:58
Uh so again the point that I'm getting to is you previously and this is the problem. You spur out so much you don't
1:49:03
remember the things you say. You're not interested in sort of getting to a true statement. You have no interest in the truth. I haven't moved on anything.
1:49:10
It's supposed you said previously that the leaks that they had issued that there were leaks that were inaccurate. Emails that were inaccurate. That's what
1:49:16
you said. Now you're saying that never happened. Is that what I said, Rob? Yes.
1:49:22
Okay. If that's what I said, Rob, then that's what I said. Okay. So, for the rest of the audience, that's not what I said. I said everything that leaked
1:49:27
through Wikileaks. Everything that's supposed on DC leaks. My understanding is all of those emails were real emails. Those are all real emails that came from
1:49:33
the um I think from Hillary Clinton's campaign and the DNC and the um DCCC.
1:49:39
But these other emails that Tulsi declassified, I'm not I don't know 100% where those came from, but those weren't posted by Wikileaks. And these emails
1:49:46
that Tulsi classified were fake. These were not real emails. Our intelligence assess that these were cobbled together
1:49:51
from other emails and that they were fake and maybe part of some other plan for something they wanted to do, but they ended up not going through it.
1:49:57
Okay. So, what I'm saying is what I'm saying is these were things that aren't the same as what we're talking about in
1:50:02
the ICA review that I'm talking about. Those ICA review are intel that our government had just like they found out
1:50:08
about the Wikileaks. This was stuff that they got from the DNC hacks and from the Podesta hacks that they ruled that they
1:50:13
had. They were able to see the stuff that was hacked. That's how they know what Russia had. They knew that the Podesta was hacked and the DNC was
1:50:20
hacked. And so they knew the evidence that was available to be shared and yet Russia was holding back this. That's
1:50:25
different than the Bernado thing, right? But I'll read page 11. Let's read what they said, what the intelligence
1:50:31
community assessed. You were making fun of me. Let's read. Give me a chance to read here. Page 11. You ready? The
1:50:37
office interviewed numerous FBI personnel who were involved in Crossfire Hurricane or related to intelligence
1:50:43
efforts to determine whether they could shed light on the potential reliability or unreliability of the information
1:50:49
about the possible Clinton campaign plan. Certain analysts and officers whom the office interviewed and who were
1:50:55
well-versed in the sensitive intelligence collection stated that their best assessment was that the
1:51:01
Bernado emails were likely authentic. Multiple analysts noted that the
1:51:06
Russians had in fact hacked Bernado's emails. Some analysts also noted it was possible, however, that the Russians
1:51:12
might have fabricated or altered purported US emails. But some of these analysts also noted and then it's
1:51:18
redacted. In addition, the office obtained records from a number of nonprofit organizations and think tanks
1:51:23
linked above to determine the accuracy of the sensitive intelligence as to whether in fact it reflected an actual
1:51:28
plan by the Clinton campaign. These included Open Society, Atlantic Council, etc. Notably, the office was unable to
1:51:35
locate in the records from the think tanks any exact version of the Bernardo emails obtained through T1, who was the
1:51:41
intelligence service we got it from. The office did, however, identify certain emails, attachments, and documents that
1:51:47
contain language and references with the exact same or similar verbiage with the materials referenced above. For
1:51:52
instance, July 25th, 2016, the same date, Tim Mau, a Carnegie endowment cyber expert, replied to an email blah
1:51:58
blah blah blah on the same date. Then it says, "In addition from Mauard thinkt tech also uh during the same week uh
1:52:06
uh during the same week Clinton campaign manager Robbie Moo stated in media interviews the campaign believed the Russian government and carried out the
1:52:12
DNC hacks. Uh as noted above the office conducted multiple interviews related to the intelligence Bernardo Mah etc. when
1:52:19
Bernardo was shown redacted versions. Uh let's see. There is a conclusion they get. One
1:52:25
second. Let me check my notes. But you can see
1:52:30
they're saying we think it was true. It for for which emails which date
1:52:36
for the Bernardo email that said that there was a Hillary plan. Yeah. And for the um was that a Was that
1:52:42
the July 25th? Was that the July 25th one? Careful. Don't read that. Yeah. That's my thunder that you're about to steal. Okay. Number 17, right?
1:52:50
The office's best assessment is that the July 25th and 27 emails that purported to be from Bernardo were ultimately a
1:52:56
composite of several emails that were obtained through Russian intelligence hacking of US-based think tanks,
1:53:01
including the Open Society Foundation, blah blah blah. Indeed, as discussed above, language from Mau's email on 25th is identical to Bernado's email the same
1:53:08
date. Furthermore, given Smith's extensive contact to think tank community, her public role as an adviser, her communication to think tank
1:53:14
regarding Trump, it's a logical deduction that Smith was at a minimum playing a role in the Clinton campaign's effort to tie Trump to Russia. Indeed,
1:53:19
Smith's July 27th email to her think tank colleagues regarding Trump, Russia, and NATO the day after the candidate allegedly approved a plan lends
1:53:25
credibility to such a plan. Yes. So, the office ultimately assessed that those emails were fake. Those were
1:53:31
fake emails. There was no evidence that there was a Clinton. That's Do you not understand what you just read?
1:53:37
I do understand what I just read. What it said, if you listen to all the it said that senior intel analysts said
1:53:42
that they think that the information was true, that it was a composite of this is
1:53:48
a composite of emails. No, I if if you honestly I can't you can't possibly believe this. If if Rob, I could quote
1:53:55
you as saying I am gay. If that's a composite of several statements that you've made, Rob, is that an accurate statement?
1:54:01
No. What they're saying is that they were emails multiple people that were hacked and that this information that is
1:54:07
coming through is true information. The problem is that no the information is not true. That's why they have to cobble together from
1:54:13
different sources to make it sound like it's saying something that's not actually there. Otherwise, they would have to cobble together a fake email.
1:54:18
Let me repeat. Certain analysis officers whom the office interviewed wellversed in the collection stated their best assessment that Bernardino emails were
1:54:24
authentic. Multiple analysts noted that Russia hacked his emails. Some analysts noted it was possible that the Russians
1:54:29
fabricated or altered it. In addition, the office obtained records from nonprofit blah blah blah. Notably, the office was able to locate these, right?
1:54:36
They identified emails and stuff. What they're saying is, and you can see as we go down later, where was it? Page 15.
1:54:41
Uh, their best assessment was that this was true information, right? And that
1:54:46
they were like sort of mixing up the names. And not mixing up the names. They were putting together whole new emails.
1:54:53
The office's best assessment that the July 25th and 27th emails purport to be from Bernado were a composite of several
1:54:59
emails that were obtained through Russian intelligence. What do you think that means? Composite of several emails. Composite. They were mixing. They were cutting and pasting
1:55:05
sentences together. They're trying to make it look like some guy was part of Hillary's campaign that was trying to put together some devious plan to go
1:55:11
after Trump and connect him to Russia. That's what that means. Wait, wait, wait, hold on. So, hold on. Wait, Rob, cuz he's he's explained this
1:55:17
numerous times and I I would like you to explain cuz he said over and over that he thinks they're putting it all together in like a different order so
1:55:24
that it totally changes the information. I haven't heard you say like what is it that you think they're actually doing to
1:55:30
where you would trust the information? They're not doing that. What they're doing is I'll read it to you again. The office's assessment that the 25th and 27
1:55:36
emails purported to be Bernatano were ultimately a composite of several emails that were obtained through Russian intelligence. So these were real emails
1:55:42
and that they kind of shoved all the information together, right? Then it says including the Open Society
1:55:47
Foundation, etc. The email from the 25th explain what that means. No, wait. Explain that to Tom. Shoved all the
1:55:53
information together from different senders to different receivers from different emails. Explain what that might look like, Rob.
1:55:59
There's this lady named Sarah and she's emailing four people saying, "I'm working with Hillary's team to concoct a
1:56:05
plan to spread Trump to Russia." Russia takes these and they're all jumbled together because they got four emails from her. They all say, "I'm working
1:56:11
with Hillary to concoct this plan." But they changed the verbiage because they're conveiling these emails into one.
1:56:16
Why would you just release those four emails? Why would you need to make a composite? Why would you just release those four emails? That's what they say.
1:56:22
What? Because because what they're getting is again, we've seen that the intelligence
1:56:27
community says that these assessments are accurate, that they believe this information is true. The idea that Russia is
1:56:32
No, they didn't say they believe No, they didn't say they believe the is true. They said that they reflect statements from other emails. You don't
1:56:38
put together a composite of emails in order to say a true thing. You would just release those emails. Rob, this is the dumbest argument you've ever made in
1:56:43
your life. Why would you put together a composite email if you have if you've got her saying that in four different emails?
1:56:50
There's a Rob doesn't believe this. There's a debate. That's not true at all. The office interviewed multiple personnel that were
1:56:56
involved in Crossfire Hurricane to determine whether they could shed light on the reliability of the information. They had people that were well versed in
1:57:01
this. They stated their best assessment that this was authentic, that the information in it was authentic. Then they go on to say in the section that
1:57:08
you're cutting me off there, they specifically talk about this, the best assessment was that Tim Marl's emails,
1:57:13
all these other emails that are being sent saying the same thing, those are accurate. Furthermore, you're adding so much there, all saying
1:57:18
the same thing. They said that that the email hacks that there were authentic emails and the hacks, but some of the
1:57:24
emails were fabricated. They were just a a compilation of they were shoving together and cutting together sentences
1:57:29
to create new emails in order to put them among the real emails to make these ones look real, to pretend there was a
1:57:34
Clinton plan. That Clinton plan, by the way, which was fully investigated by Durham of which they said there was no evidence of ever anywhere.
1:57:42
Okay. You trust Durham? I he did a whole specialized investigation and he released like a 350
1:57:47
page report on it. So, it's and it seemed pretty credible. I've never seen anybody contradict it. Is this the Is this the appendix from
1:57:52
the Durham report? You don't have an appendix from the Dur report, but you keep calling the appendix from the Durham report is the shitty House Intelligence Committee
1:57:58
thing. That's what you keep calling this. This is literally Click Click on this. You were just reading it. Is this the house thing or is this the annex from
1:58:05
the Durham report? Um, this is a Oh, what? From what you're reading from now, what you were reading
1:58:10
from before, this Yes. This now is part of the Durham report. Yes. Okay. But let's listen to what the DRM
1:58:15
report says. You never said you're reading you're reading part of an annex. Rob, this is not the report. This is part of what they relied on. And he used
1:58:22
this because it says in here, this would be, as Rob would say, wouldn't this be a good thing to investigate? Durham did investigate it. He found nothing.
1:58:29
Yeah, we got that's not true. Here's what he said. I'll conclude. Uh, Destiny has a clever way of ignoring the actual
1:58:34
language it said because he secretly knows what they're really trying to say. This is what he says. It's a uh, let's
1:58:41
see. Bernardo's purported email. Furthermore, given Smith's extensive contact with the think tank community, her public role as a foreign policy
1:58:47
adviser for the Clinton campaign and her communication with think tank colleagues regarding Trump, it is a logical deduction that Smith was at a minimum
1:58:53
playing a role in Clinton campaign's efforts to tie Trump to Russia. Indeed, Smith's July 27th email to her think
1:58:59
tank colleagues regarding Trump, Russ, Russia, and NATO the day after candidate Clinton allegedly approved the plan to
1:59:04
tie Trump to Russia certainly lends at least credence to such a plan existed. Moreover, Smith's text message exchange
1:59:10
foreign policy to advisor the notion of the campaign may have wanted or expected the FBI or other agencies to aid that
1:59:15
effort to put more oil on the fire by commencing a formal investigation of the DNC hack. So, this is saying we believe
1:59:21
it. That's what Durham's saying. He's saying, "We act ultimately we believe that Smith was right that she was
1:59:27
connected into Hillary's team of Is that not what that says?" No, that's not what it says because you haven't read the Derm Report. You
1:59:33
explain it. I'll explain it. Sure. I have read the DM. So, you have Oh, really? Then why was the Clinton plan so important in the
1:59:38
Derm Report? Why was it I'm sorry. Go ahead. Why was the Clinton plan so important in
1:59:44
the Derm Report? Why does it Why is it brought up? He brings it up because they're talking about the predicate for opening the
1:59:50
investigation in Crossfire Hurricane. I don't know if you just catch me do that, but if you didn't, good job. Okay,
1:59:55
correct. The point was was to show that there seemed to be a political bias at
2:00:00
the FBI. A lot of people didn't like the underlying stuff related to the Steel
2:00:05
Dossier. And one of the one of the biggest claims that Durham came away with was that the Steel Dossier was
2:00:12
definitely leaned into way too much. And then one of the things that came out, now ultimately it was Russia propaganda,
2:00:18
but they didn't know it at the time, which is why the office at that time thought that it was credible, was this
2:00:23
Clinton plan. Well, hold on, FBI. If you've got this whole steel dossier that you're looking into, why aren't you
2:00:28
giving as much credence to this Clinton plan, of which there seems to be at least some credible start to an investigation you could do, but you
2:00:33
didn't take that Clinton plan as seriously as you did the Steel Dossier. And I think that that shows some level of political partisanship. That's why
2:00:39
the Clinton plan not to say that it was actually true or real because if you go through the the Durham report and I'll
2:00:45
ask you to right now you will not be able to find me any part of the report where he says we assess that this likely was true. They went through and they
2:00:50
interviewed every single person involved with this. All the people who were part of these email chains, nobody knew anything about this. There was no evidence that they interviewed Donna
2:00:56
Brazil. They interviewed Hillary Clinton. They interviewed everybody. Nobody knew anything about this. It was fake. It was Russian propaganda. But the reason why it's brought up, the reason
2:01:02
why it's in this annex is to show that why didn't the FBI take this as seriously stills. That's why it was brought up. Uh, you [ __ ] The steel
2:01:09
dossier is the Clinton plan. You idiot. That is the Clinton plan. Clinton
2:01:14
concocted a plan to try tie Trump to Russia. Here's more evidence of it. God ready.
2:01:20
Uh, and would perhaps uh just so you know that Durham doesn't even have any evidence that Hillary Clinton even knew that a steel the steel
2:01:25
dossier was existing, right? That the DNC, Hillary Clinton, the DC didn't even work directly with Christopher Steel, right?
2:01:32
No, they worked directly with people like Fusion GPS that can No, they didn't even work directly with Fusion GPS. They work. They work at the
2:01:37
law firm. No. Then site me something. Cite me something that proves you. I don't read random annexes and random.
2:01:42
Site me something that proves what you said. I'm trying. I'm trying. But you keeping spuring out and interrupt because you can't help yourself. This is what you
2:01:49
constantly do because you're incapable of debating the facts. Wait. Okay. Wait. Okay. I'll we'll go to this. Can you concede the Clinton plan
2:01:56
what you just said that prove those emails? The emails were fake. They were Russian propaganda. Nothing in the Durham report says that this the Clinton plan was a real thing. None of this was
2:02:02
validated or verified. It didn't say that it was Russian propaganda. It said that they believed that the information contained within
2:02:08
those emails were an amalgamation that were true. This is [ __ ] I can't That's the most [ __ ] thing. I can't
2:02:14
trust you to read. You're either illiterate or or [ __ ] I The fact that you would think that that's not a propaganda thing that you think you can
2:02:20
just hack together emails and make that's that's insane to me. I can't trust your summary. Any other thing? Yes. Yeah. I can't I have no idea. I
2:02:27
don't even know if you speak English. Yes or no? Yes or no? that the duramanics that I just read to you say that they likely think that it was true
2:02:33
that Smith was working for the Hillary campaign and was uh working to smear Trump connected Russia.
2:02:39
They said that that was plausible like it was a plausible thing to start an investigation. Most likely true. Most likely true. Sorry, which page was
2:02:45
this again? Uh what was the spec? Let me see the specific
2:02:51
uh let's see. The office's review of search communications involving Smith Inc. provided possible addition. Okay, page
2:02:57
17. Wait, of the document or the bottom page bottom of the page. Furthermore, given Smith's extensive contact with the
2:03:03
think tank community, her public role as a foreign policy adviser for the Clinton campaign in her page. Wait, where is this? Wait, wait, wait.
2:03:08
Where is it? What page? Page 17.
2:03:13
Middle of the way, it actually says it on the page. It says page 17 both on the side and on
2:03:20
the page. This is declassified derm. That's the one that says the office's
2:03:26
best assessment is that on the July 25th. That one. Yes. Now, furthermore, you see halfway through the paragraph. Furthermore,
2:03:32
given Smith's extensive context with the think tank community, her public role as a foreign policy adviser for the Clinton
2:03:37
campaign, and her communications with think tank colleagues regarding Trump, it is a logical deduction that Smith was
2:03:44
at a minimum playing a role in the Clinton campaign's efforts to tie Trump to Russia.
2:03:49
Yes, it was logically deducible from the Russian propaganda. Not that it was true, but that they should have
2:03:55
investigated it. That's why the next sentence says, "Indeed, Smith's July 27th email to a think tank, right? The email that was fake, right? July 27th
2:04:01
email to a think tank colleagues regarding Trump, Russia, and NATO the day after candidate Clinton allegedly approved a plan to tie Trump to Russia
2:04:07
certainly lends at least some credence that such a plan existed, right? This is just saying that it should have been investigated more. That's it. That's
2:04:12
that's not that that's that's not what it's saying. It's clearly saying that we conclude that we think that it is plausible that this is true. That's what
2:04:19
they're concluding. Furthermore, above that, I said they talked to FBI analysts that also thought it was true on page 11. Now, I'm going to continue with what
2:04:26
I was saying before we got to this. We were talking about specific evidence that further shows that Hillary concocted this plan. One, we all know
2:04:33
that they were concocting this plan, that they paid Fusion GPS to come up with this plan. No, they didn't. No, they didn't. That's
2:04:39
not true. That's not true. Show me that. Show me that in your report. show you what
2:04:44
they paid. They paid they paid Fusion GPS one. They didn't pay him directly. They paid them through a law firm. They paid them to come up with a Russia
2:04:51
collusion plan. They paid them to get dirt on Trump that went through Christopher Steel for
2:04:56
Foreigner to try to They didn't know. Okay. Okay. We're getting a little bit more honest. They paid for oppo research from a law firm.
2:05:02
That's what they paid for. Okay. They knew that that I'm going to read my evidence. You can keep So, uh,
2:05:08
National Review and what was perhaps the biggest No, no, wait. Read from the D report. Why would you read National Review? Excuse me. What? Read from the Durham
2:05:14
Report. Which Which part are we quoting here? Give me a sentence and we'll read from it. I'm going to I'm I'm going to I'm going to read the evidence I'm looking at.
2:05:20
Right. Uh you're reading an article. Why would I Why? The National Review. I'm going to because it's more evidence
2:05:26
uh in what was perhaps the biggest bombshell of the trail at this point. Moo also admitted that Hillary Clinton herself agreed to the decision to leak
2:05:32
the alphabations to the press. admitted it in court that it was Hillary herself
2:05:38
that leaked the Russia connected Alphab Bank story to the press. Okay. Now,
2:05:44
hold on, wait. I I need to look and see where this is coming from, right? I don't know what the this national review. I I need to see where it's
2:05:49
sourced from. I'm I'm familiar with like the source material, not the Republican propaganda, so I have to figure out where it's sourced from. I'm sorry that you were unfamiliar with
2:05:55
the trial of of Robbie Moo. I'm sorry that you were unfamiliar with that. But here you go. I'll put it in the
2:06:01
link. Wait, what was your claim about What was your claim about Moo? uh that he said he testified that
2:06:06
Hillary Clinton herself link gave the go-ahhead to leak the alpha bank story to the media.
2:06:13
It is beyond dispute that Hillary's team was intimately involved with the Russia collusion story. The fact that you're
2:06:19
even trying to argue this just proves there it is though. Now I could continue with more evidence if you like uh from
2:06:25
No, no, wait. Can we just wind up one thing at a time? Sure. Go for it.
2:06:34
But it's it's it is in other articles as well, like in political. It says testimony during the 2022 trial of the
2:06:41
Michael Susman revealed that Hillary Clinton approved a plan for her campaign to leak the discredited Alpha Bank story
2:06:48
to the media in 2016. What is the Is this like a thing that's like proved or what what is the Is this
2:06:54
just an allegation made in court about a nonparty or it says Yeah.
2:07:01
It was a person that worked for Hillary's team who was under trial saying, "Yeah, Hillary personally said delete this." Whoopsy daisy.
2:07:08
What? Hillary's not even a party to this case, is she? You understand that right now I could
2:07:14
right now log into my federal court system and file a statement saying that Rob Noir is super gay and that that
2:07:20
would be under oath in a court transcript somewhere. This you're talking about a statement of a person who's about another person who's not a
2:07:26
party to the case and I'm supposed to take this as like some huge indictment on the Hillary Clinton campaign. What the [ __ ] I don't even know what this is
2:07:31
from. Give me like a what? Like is there like a transcript? Is there what? I don't know what the I'm supposed to read right now.
2:07:36
It is in the case of Michael Susman. It was direct quotes
2:07:42
of what Robbie Moo testified to. You want me to read you more evidence? This one's from Do you have a No. Why are you jumping
2:07:48
off the one thing? Where's the This is about Michael. You look it up. You want to just sit here?
2:07:53
Yeah, sure. Yeah. Do you have a strong piece of evidence? Yeah, I think that's good. I'm going to get a drink. I'm going to get a drink. You go for it. You keep
2:07:58
looking. I provided the context. Go for it.
2:08:06
Who's Did he say who again? We are doing the the Go ahead. Did he say whose court case this is?
2:08:13
Susman in Susman trial. Okay. Yes. This is Michael Susman, right? Yes.
2:08:21
Yes.
2:08:27
Yeah. Again, we are doing this upathon today, guys. We had a bunch of debates. This is the second one we got today. We
2:08:32
have another one after this with Andrew Wilson and Jake the Rattlesnake. Um,
2:08:40
that'll be at 9:30. I don't know how much longer you guys want to go. We're a
2:08:46
little over the 2our. I had plenty to say like we haven't even got to like
2:08:51
meat of what I wanted to say. Uh, he's going to look this up the whole time. I'll talk to the audience while you keep looking at Half the [ __ ] you said
2:08:57
basically everything you've said so far has been wrong. So why would I just let you ramble? Everything's been true. Everything I've said has been true. Every single time we
2:09:04
go to it, you're like, "Well, okay, it does say that." But the the context, I had a a question. This came out in
2:09:10
2022, so this was after the report, right? That's why it wasn't included in the Durham report.
2:09:15
Well, yes, that's true, right? Well, no, actually the Durm report wasn't released
2:09:21
till after that. I believe maybe 2023, 2024. But nonetheless, but they they would have written did
2:09:26
they write it before. I don't know. The point is the point it may be included in the DEM report. The Derm report's hundreds of pages. I can't
2:09:32
remember every single thing that it said. The point is there is overwhelming evidence that people in Hillary Clinton's team concocted this Russia
2:09:38
conclusion plan. Overwhelming evidence. The steel doss. Right. A bunch of other that we could see that I'm getting to.
2:09:45
And I believe what I'm about to read here is from the 316 uh page uh IG
2:09:51
report, right? IG report or the Durham report? I believe the IG report. Uh, and what it
2:09:59
says is, and I quote, this is on page 97. Quote, "This stands in sharp contest
2:10:04
to reliance to the uncooperated steel reports, which at least some FBI personnel appeared to know was likely
2:10:11
being funded or promoted by the Clinton campaign." For example, during a meeting in London on July 5th, 2016, Steel
2:10:17
provided his first report to Handling Agent One. Handling agent 1's notes from the meeting reflect that HC was aware of
2:10:25
Steel's Brit firm seeking info. While handling agent one did not have an independent recollection of Steel
2:10:31
explicitly stating that HC referred to Hillary Clinton, he could think of no other individual from his notes that HC
2:10:36
would have stood for. So, here we have agents, FBI agents in July 5th, 2016
2:10:44
before the Crossfire Hurricane investigation started talking to Christopher Steel who was paid for by
2:10:50
Hillary's team. Christopher one, Christopher Steel wasn't paid for by Hillary's team. It was fusion GPS. Number one. Number two,
2:10:56
Christopher Steel had already been doing they had already been doing opposition research for the Republicans. That had already been a thing that had started.
2:11:02
Number three, Christopher Steel. Chris Christopher Steel was not being paid. Uh he was not working for them while the
2:11:08
Republicans were paying. That's not true. I don't know if he was working while the Republicans were paying, but I know that he was doing there were people who were requesting oppo research from the
2:11:13
Republican party on Trump. I don't know. Maybe it was fusion GPS. I think it was already stuff. Are you claiming that Hillary Clinton
2:11:19
had a direct contact with Steel? I'm saying that this is saying Christopher Steel said that that not
2:11:25
direct contact, but she was aware of what he was doing. That's what it said. You want me to read
2:11:30
it again? Waiting. No, no, no. Don't stop reading random. Does Durham make this assessment?
2:11:36
The IG does. The 316 page thing that you're reading.
2:11:42
Yes. This is Are you sure this isn't the Durham report?
2:11:48
Uh, the Durham report is 316 pages. It's probably the Durham report. Maybe it is. I'm sorry. I may have
2:11:53
Okay, read me the What is the exact sentence you're saying? Oh, sakes. Now I got to find uh the page I was at again. Sorry. Page 97.
2:12:03
What? Just what? Okay. 97 on the document or like I type in 97 on top. 97 on the left. Yeah, you type in 97.
2:12:11
Oh, hell. My computer's [ __ ] I need to become rich like you. I can afford better equipment here.
2:12:20
All right. Give me a second. All right.
2:12:31
So it'll be 87 on the bottom, but 97 uh
2:12:40
the office located no evidence that in the conducting crossfire hurricane investigation, the FBI considered what or how the Clinton plan intelligence
2:12:46
might impact the investigation. So Durham's acknowledging here that there's this whole section's Durham acknowledging that there was a Clinton
2:12:52
plan. This is intelligence related to the idea that there was a Clinton plan. No, that's not true. He's acknowledging
2:12:57
he given reasons why there was a Clinton plan. We can read the whole section if you want, but he continues, "No FBI personnel were interviewed at the office
2:13:03
recalled Crossfire Hurricane personnel taking any action to vet the Clinton Plan intelligence.
2:13:08
For example, Brian Uten stated they could not recall anything the FBI did to analyze or otherwise consider the Clinton Plan intelligence, stating it
2:13:14
was just one data point. This stands in sharp contrast to its substantial reliance on the uncooperated steel
2:13:19
reports, which at least some FBI personnel appeared to say was likely funded or promoted by a Clinton campaign. For example, during a meeting
2:13:26
in J London on July 5th, 2016, Steele provided his first report to the FBI
2:13:31
agent. The agents notes from the meeting reflect that HC capital H capital C was
2:13:37
aware of Steel, a Brit firm seeking info. Sure. So, if you go to page 94, going
2:13:43
back to this, the intelligence community received the Clinton plan intelligence in late July of 2016. This was them
2:13:50
receiving intelligence that Hillary Clinton supposedly was trying to to start this like uh to tie Russia and
2:13:57
Trump together in some illegitimate manner. When they say Clinton plan intelligence, they don't mean that they've gotten intelligence from Hillary
2:14:04
Clinton and now they're going to build off of that to do Crossfire Hurricane. They mean that they have intelligence related to this idea of a Clinton plan.
2:14:10
In this Durham report, my understanding is that none of that is ever verified. Durham never comes out and says they were trying to illegitimately tie these
2:14:15
two things together. And I think in the intro to literally what you just said, the FBI wasn't even considering that quote unquote Clinton plan intelligence
2:14:21
when they were doing their investigation. I think that was the opening to what you read said it was asked what that's talking
2:14:27
about specifically whether or not they use the fact this was paid for by Hillary uh to influence their decision.
2:14:34
Uh but it's specifically said how do you contend with the fact that Christopher
2:14:39
Steel is personally saying to the first FBI contact he has, yeah, Hillary Clinton's aware of this. How do you
2:14:45
contend with that? Um, I don't know. He might I don't know what the Steel said. Steel said a lot of
2:14:50
Careful because you're the one that's going to tell me that 95% of what Steel said is fake. So, the fact that you want to rush on this as being the most true
2:14:56
statement ever, okay, is kind of ironic coming from you. So, just to be clear, here's what we
2:15:01
know. We know that Hillary's team was paying Christopher Steel. We know that Robbie Moo, who worked for Hillary's team, says it was Hillary herself that
2:15:07
gave us the okay to leak to the press about the Alpha Bank Russia story. We know that Christopher Steel was saying Hillary Clinton first. It's hard to run
2:15:14
down. It's hard to run down. Hold on. It's hard to run down because you lie about so many things and I've caught you so many lies. Where did he say? Because
2:15:19
somebody's like saying during cross- examination, Moo said that the Hillary campaign was not fully confident in the Alphab Bank's allegations and wanted to
2:15:25
give them to a reporter so the reporter could run it down further and verify it. Where is I want to know where this where is this testimony at that he said that
2:15:31
Hillary Clinton said to run a fake story
2:15:40
because this the CBS news article here that I'm reading says that during cross-examination
2:15:45
question yeah go ahead. Yeah, that's basically what I was reading. Go ahead. Moo said the campaign was not fully confident in the alphabetic allegations
2:15:51
and wanted to give them to a reporter so that the reporter could run it down further and verify it.
2:15:56
It says what I'm reading is in perhaps what's the biggest bombshell of the trout at this point. Moo also admitted that Hillary Clinton herself agreed to
2:16:02
the decision to leak the alphabations to the press. Moo was adamant that he'd authorized campaign staff rather than
2:16:07
Perkins Koi to carry out this task. Okay. So the characterization of those
2:16:14
two things is quite different. Yes. No. What it's saying is that Hillary herself said yes, take this to the
2:16:20
press. One is one is leak it and publish it even though I know it's wrong. And the other is let's see if somebody can find
2:16:26
more information about this. Right. Those are two different things. No. No. Well, there they're two different
2:16:32
things that have nothing to do with the point I was making, which was that Hillary was aware of this and was leaking it personally aware of it and
2:16:38
saying to leak it to the press. Is there a difference between giving something to the press and saying it's true versus saying this might be true?
2:16:44
Look into this. Are those the exact same thing? Okay, I'll answer this, but then I want you to answer my question, right?
2:16:50
No, those aren't the exact same thing. Now, if I if you were to say, "Rob, did you leak to the press?" and I and I say,
2:16:58
"Well, one thing is I leaked to the press because I wasn't sure if it was true and wanted to see if they could help me. And the other is I knew it was
2:17:03
a lie." Would either of those challenge the initial assertion of whether or not I leaked to the press. Can you answer
2:17:08
that? Yes or no? They Yes, they would significantly change the way I would view that. Yes, that's not true. That's It might change
2:17:14
how you would view it, but it doesn't change the underlying accus or the underlying fact that it was me that leaked it or that gave the go-ahhead to
2:17:19
leak it. If I said that a man If I said that a Hold on. If I said that a man stabbed my sister yesterday and she died, would it
2:17:26
change your opinion if it was a guy who stabbed her in the street during a mugging or if it was a surgeon that tried to do an appendctomy or whatever
2:17:32
the she died during surgery even though she's getting stabbed by a knife in both circumstances. Would that change the fact that she got stabbed and died, Rob?
2:17:39
No, it wouldn't change the fact she got stabbed and died. You were you phrased that question the opposite of what you wanted, you idiot.
2:17:45
No, I didn't. I just I did. It's exactly my point.
2:17:51
I just want to be clear. So your argument is, yeah, okay, Hillary's Clinton team did have this plan, but it was good naturatured. They were leaking
2:17:57
to the press for help, not that they wanted it to affect the Sure. Yeah, there's What's wrong with leaking? Wait, are you saying that it's
2:18:03
bad to leak to the press for help? I'm saying that this is part and parcel to that it was Hillary Clinton herself
2:18:08
that was aware of these plans to connect Trump to Russia. Well, I don't Is this about
2:18:14
Hold on. Wait. Is it Was it Is this the same thing or is it a lot different than Giuliani leaking the images of the hard
2:18:20
drive from the laptop from hell to the press? I don't understand what your what aboutism has anything to do with the
2:18:26
topic at hand? Would you would you consider that the same type of thing? When we say no. Okay. When we say leak to the press, are
2:18:32
we saying that they're making it public or are we saying that they're giving it to the He wants to offiscate between the both
2:18:37
because he wants to borrow the moral condemnation from the worst thing while retreating to the factual analysis of the of the second thing. That's what he
2:18:43
wants to the alphabet. Yeah. I'm just clarifying. Are we saying that leaking it to the press means that
2:18:48
they're going to publish it? Yes. What do you think they're going to do
2:18:53
when they leak it to the press? The press is just going to say this is the What do you mean press can do research on things just because
2:18:59
giving it to them for Yeah. I thought the claim was that they were giving it to the press for uh for
2:19:04
them to help verify it. But if you don't publish it, I think there's a difference
2:19:09
in the way that you guys are uh uh say like interpreting that claim. This is insane. So now the argument is
2:19:16
okay, Hillary's team was aware of this plan to connect Trump to Russia. However, it was good naturatured. They
2:19:22
were just asking the press in a story that ended up being total fabrication and [ __ ] that included people in
2:19:27
Hillary's team. They were just asking the press, is this true? And then if you read further down the article I linked,
2:19:33
the flippist then presented Moo with a statement issued by Clinton campaign staffer Jake Sullivan and later tweeted out by Hillary herself after the first
2:19:40
alphab allegations were published. So on October 31st, 2016, after Moo says that
2:19:45
Hillary herself said to leak this, Hillary then it appears she wasn't just looking for confirmation cuz that never
2:19:51
confirmation never came. And yet here she is tweeting out, "Computer scientists have apparently uncovered a
2:19:56
covert server linking the Trump organization to a Russian-based bank." Jeez, that's weird. They never confirmed
2:20:02
that story. In fact, we now know that that story was [ __ ] And yet Hillary, who so if that's true, then the fault would be on the people who
2:20:08
published it. Let me finish. Let me finish. Hillary who just innocently, she didn't want this to affect the election. She was
2:20:14
just like, "Oh, this is interesting. I wonder if the if they could confirm it." She immediately retweets out their story. She feeds them the story, then
2:20:21
retweets it out. And you're like, "Yeah, but she it wasn't about publishing. It wasn't about affecting the election." This is laughable. Even from you,
2:20:27
Jess says, "The guy who says that an email that is compiled from a bunch of different emails is basically just a
2:20:32
true email with a lot of different truths in the same one." Yeah, this is ridiculous. Yeah, there's a reason why at the end of this, and you don't have a
2:20:38
good answer for this, why if this Obviously, illegal behavior happened. Where are the indictments? We had some
2:20:44
for Hillary Clinton for ordering intentionally false material to be leaked and and to be intentionally misleading the entire public on things
2:20:50
like none of this was illegal. None of this was broke any lawyer. Is that illegal? What's the crime? I don't know. You tell me. Nothing about
2:20:56
this was illegal. If nothing was a crime, nothing was wrong, then why do you even care about this? Can you leak dirt on your opponent? Even
2:21:02
if it ends up not being true, is that a crime? If none of this is a crime or none of this matters, then what do you even care? What's the What's the problem?
2:21:07
What are you even alleging here? What's the issue? Well, okay, two things. One, there probably are crimes when it talks about
2:21:13
the intel agents that are purposely taking this information because they hate Trump and using it to spy on him and commit lawfare. And secondly, even
2:21:20
if it didn't rise to the level of the crime, the fact that our intel agencies under the oposes of Hillary Clinton and
2:21:25
Barack Obama's administration, right, were actively putting their thumb on the scale using Lawfair to go after Trump's
2:21:31
a big deal. Even if no one's ever charged now, if they were using if they were using welfare, Hold on. This doesn't make
2:21:37
sense. If they were using offer to go after it, why didn't they do it before the election?
2:21:43
They did. They Crossfire Hurricane Crossfire Hurricane start. When was it announced to the public?
2:21:50
It doesn't matter. Destiny, you're How is it supposed to affect the election if it doesn't matter? They're willing to fake a whole investigation,
2:21:56
but they won't make an announcement about it. Do you think you can affect an election an Do you think an investigation leaking
2:22:03
to the press can affect an election without coming out and publicly saying there's an investigation? You sure? Why not? You literally said
2:22:09
earlier that Russia could have leaked information to change the whole outcome of the election if they would have just leaked something. You're saying that the
2:22:16
the FBI who's actually doing an investigation couldn't leak that to influence the outcome of investigation
2:22:28
into Trump and everyone including We've gone over this many times. You acknowledged that Comey and the FBI all
2:22:34
thought that Hillary was going to win. What this did was it allowed them You said you can't live in both worlds. You said the polls were getting close.
2:22:41
You said that nobody knew what was going to happen. You said it was really hard to tell. So why would Comey come out over and over again and destroy Hillary
2:22:47
Clinton's chance of winning and then not about Trump's investigation? It doesn't make any sense. There's a reason why
2:22:52
there are no credible indictments. Nothing came out of this. It'll never be as good as Mhler. You're super assh even
2:22:58
the two people that were charged in connection with this were acquitted unlike Flynn, unlike Maniffort. Unlike
2:23:04
Stone, all these other people who were charged with credible investigations who were actually convicted and who needed Daddy Trump to bail them out with a
2:23:11
pardon after they got convicted in front of a jury for all of this. Durham doesn't agree with any of the assessments you're making. That's why you have to snipe quotes and quote to me
2:23:17
news articles. You can't find me quotes in the actual Durham report, but you're you're for some reason content to site news articles about it. It's it's
2:23:23
unbelievable to me. Well, you're okay to site an annex from the Durham report, but you won't give me Durham's conclusion. Why? You trust the ICA when
2:23:29
it comes to knowing what Russia has on their servers, but you don't trust the ICA's assessment about what Putin might want for an election. Rob, you literally
2:23:35
live in 17 different worlds at every point in time when you're making a claim. All you could do is have these singular sentences and then rest your
2:23:41
entire case on these insane conclusions like, "Well, just because an email is cobbled together from several different emails, but as long as those underlying
2:23:47
emails are true, that means that the main email is basically true." It's an insane world to live in. Uh, what you do is every time you're
2:23:54
getting blown the out on the specific facts, you go in this big interruption tie and you spirk out and you're like,
2:24:00
you can't control yourself because you know that you're incapable of winning a debate on even platform. That's why you have your audience right now feeding
2:24:06
you. That's what you do. I get it. Like, I totally understand. You're an army of 6,000 that are all dog. I'm an army of
2:24:12
one that crushes you constantly. I assume you're going to rage quit and blacklist me again at the end of this as
2:24:17
is your want. But what you can see is I'm pointing to specific things and you just spur out and talk about all of this
2:24:23
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. I'm citing you specific things from the Derm Report. You're just you always default to this every time we debate. If
2:24:29
something's corrupt, well, it could have been more corrupt. They could have done even more. They could have announced the investigation early and see why didn't
2:24:37
they? There's no possibility it could be corrupt. It's [ __ ] It would imply that nothing could ever be corrupt
2:24:42
because there could have always been more corruption. What we see is that they thought that Hillary's team was going to win the election. They had
2:24:48
access through Feice awards and all this other [ __ ] All of Trump's internal communications. They effectively did
2:24:54
what Hillary Clinton wanted to do, which was to take the conversation away from her server and put it on Trump Russia
2:25:00
collusion, which was the bulk of the mainstream media narrative. Was it? It was the Hillary email stuff and Trump
2:25:05
won the election and then Trump had 4 years to uncover this stuff. I know you need to interrupt again.
2:25:11
Why didn't any of this come out the first four years? Mainstream media, the bulk of the mainstream media's narrative going into this was Trump Russia collusion after we
2:25:18
saw the DNC hacks. That was the bulk of what was being talked about. Instead of focusing specifically on the hacks and
2:25:24
the damaging things it said about Hillary that was true, instead the narrative became from most of these mainstream outlets. Oh my god, Trump may
2:25:31
have been connected. They're trying to help Trump. etc., etc., which is exactly what the evidence says that Hillary Clinton's team wanted to do. Now, I read
2:25:37
to you specifically. You said you're not reading from the Derm Report. Again, what you do is you hope that your audience isn't paying attention and you
2:25:44
spur out and just say a bunch of nonsensical [ __ ] implying that I'm doing something that I'm not. I read you
2:25:50
directly from the Durham Report twice now that said that the first agent that
2:25:55
Steel talked to specifically said Hillary Clinton is aware of what I'm
2:26:00
doing. And your answer is I don't trust them. That's it. That's your answer to it.
2:26:06
I I literally my my just to be clear, my statement was that my statement is that the majority of the steel dossier is not
2:26:12
true. You agree with that? Your statement is you don't believe any of it except for the one thing that Steel said that the first person he contacted uh he
2:26:18
knew about Hillary Clinton. So you're the one that's picking and choosing. That's not We know that we know that Hillary's team was paying for it, right?
2:26:24
And here's the other thing. I could concede all this argument, which I don't. I think I'm quite clearly winning it. I'm giving various data points from
2:26:30
the Durham report. I'm giving data points from trials of people connecting to Hillary. We know that Hillary's team
2:26:36
was paying through an intermediary to get this evidence and this was part of their plan. All of these things are half truth. You
2:26:42
weren't claiming that they were paying to get intelligence. You're claiming that they were paying telling them that they wanted a certain type of
2:26:47
intelligence. Do you acknowledge those are two completely separate claims? Yeah, it would be a separate claim.
2:26:54
Sure. Do you think that Hillary's team was being kept a breast of what Steel was doing? them paying for a company to do oppo
2:27:01
research and then finding out that there might be Russia connections is you acknowledge significantly different than them saying we want you to fabricate
2:27:07
Russia connections. Sure that would be different. Do you think at some point they knew that there were Russia connections?
2:27:13
Were they probably Yeah, of course. Yeah, I believe that. Well, not just from Steing from other things as well. Yeah, but that but what's wrong with
2:27:19
that? Trump himself literally went on on TV and said Russia will be rewarded if they release 30,000 emails. Yeah.
2:27:24
Yeah. We we know we know Trump's joke that you guys don't get. careful. Now, now the derm report, right, that I just read to you, if I'm not mistaken, said
2:27:31
specifically during July 5th, 2016, Steele's talking to an FBI agent. Correct.
2:27:37
Uh, that's not disputed. I don't I don't think so. During a meeting in London on July 5th,
2:27:43
2016, Steele provided his first report to handling agent one. Okay.
2:27:48
Mhm. That's the FBI agent, I believe. Okay. So, we acknowledge that. There's no reason for us to dispute that. Uh, sure. So, at this point, the the
2:27:55
allegation is that Hillary was Hillary came up with the in July 28th was when
2:28:01
Hillary's team said, "Okay, let's go all in on Trump connected to Russia." Correct. There's no evidence of that.
2:28:07
That was the Russian propaganda that you're repeating happily because it backs Trump. Yes, that's the allegation, right?
2:28:13
There. No, from Russia. Yes. That's the Russian propaganda. Yes. Okay. That's the allegation from Russia. Russia. But that is allegation.
2:28:19
That is the Russia. That is the confirmed fake Russian email. Yes. Correct. It's not. It's not confirmed fake. Right. It is confirmed fake. By your own
2:28:25
admission, it's not a real email. That's not true. By your own admission, it's not a real email, right? It's not a real email.
2:28:31
Correct. They were they were unable They said that their best evidence that the information contained within were true,
2:28:36
but that specific email that email was not true. Correct. That email was a fake email. Correct.
2:28:42
Was that the only email that they used to determine that Hillary Clinton had a plan? Yes. That was the one that linked N.
2:28:48
They say it in the thing. They say it links NATO and Russia and Trump in that one email. Yes. That's why the That's why it's an amalgamation of different
2:28:53
emails. It doesn't It doesn't Here's the point that I'm getting at, right? Like, wait, so that was a fake email. So,
2:28:58
we're starting the allegation is a fake email. Yes. I don't know if it was fake. It seems that they think that this was true.
2:29:05
Then let's go back to it. Let's go back to it. You think that that email existed? Did that email exist? The evidence seems to suggest no. It was
2:29:12
true information that didn't exist in that email. True information that So, the email didn't exist
2:29:17
that it was an amalgamation of other emails. Okay. So, if I have one If I have one statement from Rob saying I am and then
2:29:23
another statement from Rob saying a gay man and I put those two things together, can I say that this email contains true information and the email says I am a
2:29:30
gay man. If there was another email that said I am a gay man and they're like well this one email
2:29:35
you don't have evidence of that. I'm sorry. Do you have any evidence of that? That that email exists that has Oh, okay. Go ahead. Let's go through that
2:29:41
again. Then let's revisit. So uh Okay. Uh, do you want me to reread the part where it says from the Durham annex that they believe that Julie Smith
2:29:47
probably was, it's plausible to think that she was part of the Hillary Clinton plan and was doing this. You want me to
2:29:52
read that? It's plausible to think that based on the Russian propaganda. That was the point of the Russian propaganda. You
2:29:58
acknowledge that that's what they mean when they say that it was a logical deduction from the Russian propaganda. No, they're they're saying that we
2:30:05
believe that's most likely the case given all the other evidence. They wouldn't have to believe that's the case. They're investigators. They can
2:30:10
just look and check. They were saying that the FBI should have thought that and they weren't treating the investigation the same way they were treating the dossier.
2:30:15
They believe they do believe that Hillary's team was concocting a Russian plan. All of us do. You
2:30:21
They don't. That's not in the Where is that in the Durham report? Why isn't that there? Did Hillary Clinton's team Did Hillary
2:30:28
Clinton's team pay for through an intermediary the dirt that ended up becoming the Russia collusion story?
2:30:34
Yes or no? If I answer yes to that and you agree, then I win. Yes. It ended up becoming
2:30:39
that. They didn't go there operating on the assumption that they were going to get a Russian plan. They were paying a law firm to retain somebody else to do
2:30:45
oppo research that ended up being the Russian plan. That's different than requesting it or saying it in advance. Before you before you spur out and keep
2:30:52
taking it back to one area that you think you're doing well. So again on July 5th we have Steel talking to the
2:30:59
FBI talking about his accus what he's up to saying Hillary Clinton's aware of it. Correct.
2:31:04
Um let's we can go look what do we have for here. During a meeting in London on
2:31:10
July 5th, 2016, Steel provided his first report to Handling Agent One. Right. He
2:31:17
says, "Handling agent 1's notes reflect that HC was aware of Steel's Brit firm
2:31:22
seeking info. While handling agent one didn't have an independent recollection of referring specifically to Hillary
2:31:28
Clinton, he could think of no other individual in that context who HC would mean." In other words, he's looking back at his notes going, "Yeah, that had to
2:31:33
be Hillary Clinton." Okay. Now, do you think that FBI agent's
2:31:39
lying? As Wait, wait, hold on. I'm sorry. Real quick. What page is this on?
2:31:46
That is on page 97. Okay, hold on. Now, I'll continue with my point while
2:31:52
you're looking it up. I've read it like seven times. You've read it yourself. The point is, if you conceded that Steel
2:31:57
would have been keeping a breast the people that were paying him of what was going on, and we know as early as July 5th, he was actually talking to the FBI
2:32:04
and saying, "I have connections to Hillary Clinton." and the alleged plan that we're told was concocted on July
2:32:10
28th. That gives almost 23 day or actually exactly 23 days from Hillary.
2:32:17
So even if they didn't seek initially to say let's smear Trump is colluding with Russia, they certainly got the
2:32:22
information and said yes, let's run with this. That's where the story came from.
2:32:28
Who said yes, let's run with this? Hillary's team. They ran with the Russia
2:32:33
collusion story. the after at what point at what date are you alleging this?
2:32:38
So the allegation which you spurred out wouldn't listen was July 28th is when they finally finalized yes this is the
2:32:43
plan we're going for. I'm saying that if your argument is true they never intentionally sought to smear Trump is
2:32:49
connected to Russia. They just bought opposition research but then on July 5th the dude that they were paying through
2:32:54
intermediaries is already talking to the FBI saying Hillary's aware of what I'm doing and that dude's investigating
2:33:00
Trump Russia collusion. that it is entirely reasonable to suspect that Hillary's team was running with the
2:33:05
Trump Russia collusion story. Was he was he did he mention the Trump Russia collusion on July 5th?
2:33:11
I don't know. It doesn't specifically say. This is during a meeting in London on July 5th, 2016. Steel provided his first report to Handling Agent One. Handling
2:33:18
agent 1's notes from the meeting reflected HC was aware of his Steel's Brit firm seeking info while handling
2:33:25
agent one did not have an independent regulation. So explicitly refer to Hillary Clinton. So what? Hillary
2:33:30
Clinton was aware that there was a firm that was looking for information on Trump. Isn't that what this statement is saying?
2:33:36
Right. And we know that what Steel was doing was he's saying Steel saying Hillary knows what I'm doing. You had
2:33:41
you conceded that Steel would have been keeping Fusion GPS, Glenn Simpson, he
2:33:46
wait just one person at this firm. He was the person that was spearheading
2:33:52
the opposition research against Trump that got to the dossier that was used by the FBI. That was the central lynch
2:33:57
eventually. Yes. But this says this says the notes are meaning he was aware of the firm seeking info.
2:34:04
That doesn't sound like the firm was saying there was Russia collusion. Give it to us or go fabricate evidence. It sounds like they were looking for people
2:34:09
to hire to for oppo research. No. [ __ ] That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying that what's happening is let's
2:34:14
assume your narrative is true. Hillary's team never sought to smear Trump is connected to Russia. They just said we're going to pay for opposition
2:34:20
research. So they pay for opposition research. They find out the guy that's doing the research for them goes Trump
2:34:25
Russia collusion. A [ __ ] story. But that's what he decides to go with, right? He gives that information back.
2:34:30
Wait, how do they know? How do they even know it's bull? What are you talking about? But we It was [ __ ] It ended up
2:34:38
being bull. That's Do you understand there's a huge difference between it ended up being [ __ ] versus knowing it was Why do
2:34:44
you keep mixing these things up? You keep implying that I'm saying things that I'm not.
2:34:49
Wait, if Wait, wait. If what you're saying is just they paid for Apple research, a lot of it ended up being this special occlusion stuff. A lot of
2:34:55
the Steel stuff ended up being uncorroborated or untrue. That's significantly different than they went to Steel saying, "We need you to
2:35:01
fabricate a Russian narrative. We've already decided we've got this Russian narrative." That's these are two totally different stories, right? That's because
2:35:08
I'm not saying the former. What I'm saying is this. I'm making a claim. I'm not talking about their motivation. I'm
2:35:13
not talking about whether or not they believe the veracity of the information. I'm making a claim. The FBI and the CIA
2:35:19
was aware in the form of John Brennan. They were aware of allegations that Hillary's team was pushing the Trump Russia collusion story. I provided
2:35:26
evidence that's the case. You're like, "No, that can't be." I've never said it could be. They're pushing the finish. Let me finish. Let
2:35:33
me finish. Right. Then when I have to jump through all these hoops, I'm like, "Okay, we know on July 5th that Steel was saying, in fact, my reading of it is
2:35:39
Steele's first dossier was crafted on June 20th, 2016. So there is no doubt by
2:35:45
that point that they knew that Steel's arguments were Trump connected to Russia." Now, let's assume for the sake
2:35:50
of argument they totally believed it. They were like, "Steel's the man and Steel totally believed it." And Igor Desenko, the Russian alleged Russian spy
2:35:58
that Hillary's team was working with. They believed it, too. All of them believe this. Nonetheless, it would be fair to say that the people that started
2:36:04
the Trump Russia collusion story that were pushing it was Hillary's team. That they had a plan to push the Trump Russia
2:36:10
collusion story. And you're like, "Yeah, but they didn't know it was false. Who gives a [ __ ] That's not my argument."
2:36:18
Okay, let's walk through these one at a time. So, the first thing that Just real quick, I do have a I I have a
2:36:24
heart out in like uh 10 uh 15. Okay, that's fine. This will be the last thing that we go through then. Okay. Okay. So, number
2:36:30
one more thing. Number one, do you think that Hillary Clinton's team approached they
2:36:35
approached the law firm, correct? Saying we want oppo research. Yes.
2:36:40
Yes. Okay. There's nothing wrong with that, right? No. Okay. That law firm then retained uh
2:36:47
Fusion GPS of which one of the people who worked for them was um the Steel guy. Correct.
2:36:54
Okay. Two. Yes. In the course of Steel going out and doing research, I guess Steel eventually becomes convinced that
2:37:00
there is a strong Trump Russia connection, especially because of his stuff that he finds with Paige. Maybe. We don't know that's true. We
2:37:06
don't know if he's convinced or if he knows it's [ __ ] Okay. Maybe he knows it's [ __ ] We don't know. Okay. But he he finds that. Correct. Yes.
2:37:12
Correct. He passes that oppo research through fusion GPS through the law firm to the essentially to the Hillary
2:37:18
Clinton campaign. Correct. Yes. Yes. Okay. And then the Hillary Clinton campaign I guess at some point starts to
2:37:26
operate on this correct. Yes. Okay. If that's true from start to
2:37:32
finish, what is the wrong that you're alleging that about this story? Nothing
2:37:38
you did. We didn't get You want to know why it's important? We didn't get to it because you spurred out and refused to admit the obvious truth. So, we had to
2:37:44
go down this rabbit hole. So, to be clear, the reason why we're talking about this is because your claim and the strong claim that you made
2:37:49
initially was that the Clinton plan, that's what this whole thing hinges on, was that the Clinton campaign before
2:37:55
Wait, actually, wait. Well, maybe we do agree then. You agree then that there's no evidence that Hillary Clinton sought
2:38:01
to tie Trump and Russia together before Steel presented them with that information. You agree that that's not
2:38:07
there's no evidence to show that? Uh, there are claims, but I don't see specific evidence that I'm looking at
2:38:12
right now. I'm not saying I don't then why. Okay, then we agree on everything. Why are we evening this? Hey, Destiny, let me let me show you why
2:38:18
you're so confused. Because you are unwilling to admit simple truths and you have to go down these rabbit holes that I have to [ __ ] dog you to get to the
2:38:24
obvious truth because you're always planning ahead. What's the next argument? What's instead of just going, "Yeah, okay. Hillary's team got this
2:38:30
information and they were pushing the Trump Russia." That's it. We could have saved 45 minutes. Why do you think Wait, wait, no, wait. I
2:38:35
just trying to understand this one point. I'm trying to understand. I'm trying to understand. Rob, no. Wait. Just help me understand this one thing and then you can do it. One thing, Rob,
2:38:40
now you do it. Rob, why did we go over that email? What was the point of the fake email? What was that fake email supposed to establish?
2:38:45
You you I'm not letting you do this. I'm not. You idiot. In fact, I will answer.
2:38:50
The reason was I literally brought up that email to say even if you think it's fake, it's clear that the FBI and other
2:38:55
intel agencies had documents that Russia had hacked and because we had to go through that because when we were going
2:39:01
through No, the whole point of that email was to prove that the Hillary Clinton campaign was already trying to fabricate the
2:39:06
story before they had any evidence for it. That's the whole reason why you bring that up. That's why you were saying even it's an amalgamation.
2:39:12
There's true things of all the other emails. Why would you fight so hard on that point to say that this email is true? Even if it's a fabricated email,
2:39:17
it's still true. The truth was that it was establishing that the Hillary Clinton campaign sought to die. That's what the whole Clinton plan is. Wait,
2:39:24
what do you think the Clinton plan is? Holy. Didn't you just say the Clinton plan was the whole start of the steel dossier?
2:39:30
Holy Holy Oh my god. So, let me tell you what just let me
2:39:35
tell you what happened. Go ahead. Right. Here's what happened. We're looking at this A report, right?
2:39:40
We're looking at the report of it. It's saying Russia had these emails. Russia had these emails. Russia had these
2:39:46
emails. You're like, all fake. no evidence they had those emails. Fake, fake, fake. No, I'm saying there's a
2:39:51
different thing between they have the email, but the email is fake and they don't have the email. They never had it.
2:39:56
And I'm saying they had the email. Whether or not it was fake or not, it's not really relevant to the point I'm making right now. And you're arguing
2:40:02
that. You're like, "No, no, no, no. We don't know that they had the emails. We don't know. It could be fake that they didn't have the emails." And I'm like, "Okay, let's take a step back. Now,
2:40:09
there's this other email you're aware of, right, that says that there was a Hillary plan." You're like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know that." And then you smirk
2:40:15
out, "Oh, the the one that was fake. when it was fake. And I'm like, "Yes, it doesn't matter if it was a fake email. Even if it's fake, they had it." Right?
2:40:22
That's the point. And so, if it's true that our intel agency got this, even if they think it's fake, if it's true they
2:40:28
got this, then it's reasonable to believe they had all this other [ __ ] regardless if it was true or not. That they actually had the documents. That
2:40:34
them and foreign intel service. That's why we they actually had what documents? Wait, just clarify. That they had the documents. That they had what documents?
2:40:41
They had the documents from the Hillary from the Obama team saying that Hillary was sick. They had the documents from
2:40:47
sources that said that the Obama team was reaching out to religious organizations. Yeah. Yes. We know that they have that.
2:40:52
They literally wrote that down. So you But that you were seem to be arguing that wasn't the case.
2:40:58
No, what I'm arguing is that in past debates you've brought it up like that intelligence is true. And what I'm
2:41:04
saying is that that intelligence is just stuff that our intel thought that Russia claimed they were going to.
2:41:09
I'm going to get through I'm going to get through my point. So then the point of right when you're like, why did you fight so hard in this point? because you
2:41:14
were arguing against it and I was arguing what I actually believe was true. The reason now that you've conceded that there was I haven't anything. You've moved to so
2:41:20
many other positions. The reason the reason that matters is because when the FBI started these
2:41:26
investigations, they briefed Trump Obama and they knew that this was part of Clinton's plan. So everything we see as
2:41:32
a result after that, all the shady doings, the illegal FISA warrants, the
2:41:38
uh December 8th, the the presidential daily briefing saying we've came to the conclusion that the reason that they did
2:41:44
this, their motivation, just like with the hacks, was just to mess with the system and undermine the credibility of the candidates. And then Obama says,
2:41:50
"No, no, new." And then the very next day, your argument is the very next day, they'd already reached a consensus.
2:41:56
Already reached a consensus. You're misquing a whole bunch of So in the same world where Obama allows the FBI to
2:42:02
investigate Hillary Clinton's emails for 12 decades, he also somehow sneaks into the FBI the belief that all of them
2:42:08
should rely on the steel dossier for [ __ ] visa warrants after the election is already over. This is
2:42:14
ridiculous. Wait, hold on. When I just want to I just want to have a clear I just want to clearly understand this. So when you're tweeting this here, is your
2:42:22
are you not literally explicitly saying because this is what I believe your position has been the debate that you thought that these things were all real things. You said that
2:42:30
I can't see I linked it in our group chat. Well, just tell me what it says. Is it the top tweet that I have?
2:42:36
Yeah. Wow. These files released by Dana Gabbert today unbelievable. Not only do they show that there was substantial proof that Russia wasn't trying to help
2:42:41
Trump, there are even more troubling things that I don't even see people mentioning. Like this Obama State Department offered US religious
2:42:47
organizations money if they supported Hillary. That is an unbelievable scandal in its own right. All of these things that are quoted here are just things
2:42:53
that Russia said they wanted to release or leak or do propaganda. None of these things are verified as being true or real. These are just propaganda
2:42:59
campaigns that Russia wanted to go on. Two things. So if you look at my further commentary on this, especially when I
2:43:05
was talking about it on the channel, there's two things to this. One, they had this information regardless if it's true or not. And when the election was
2:43:10
tightening, they chose not to release things which undermines the argument that they were in this to help Trump
2:43:16
win. I I know when you present this to I watched you debate somebody you presented this information as though this was all true stuff that the
2:43:22
intelligence agency was keeping under wraps because you quote Brennan claiming that they had intelligence on all of this but you misphrase it. It's not that
2:43:28
we had intelligence on this. It's that we had intelligence that Russia claimed they had intelligence on this. It's not that we knew these I don't remember I
2:43:35
don't remember exactly what you say I'm quoting. Second, what it shows is that this was stuff that was at least worthy of investigation because we investigated
2:43:41
Trump's team on far why we investigated Trump's team on far flimsier evidence. You know, the whole I agree. Yeah, that's what the derm
2:43:47
report is about. It's not No, no, but the derm report is not saying that all of that should have been investigated. It was saying that the Carter page
2:43:53
warrant was probably [ __ ] It shouldn't have been that still dossier was a lean to hell. Not that there should be a million [ __ ]
2:43:58
investigations. Rob, no. What I'm advocating for is an equal standard. What I'm saying is the FBI
2:44:04
clearly showed a double standard because we know that they were sitting on all of these alleged wrongdoings of the Obama uh alleged wrong. Why are you saying
2:44:12
alleged? It's foreign propaganda. That's not an allegation. What? So, what was Christopher Steel and
2:44:18
Igor Desenko? Was that foreign propaganda? Possibly. Why do you keep thinking of defending that?
2:44:24
But wait, but did the FBI say it was so important that they had to start in getting illegal FISA awards against
2:44:29
Trump's team to look into it? Yeah. And they didn't even say that it came from OPO Research.
2:44:34
Okay, last thing. Wait, hold on. Do you understand that I'm saying that it shouldn't have been used for the Carter Page thing? You're
2:44:41
saying no, that should have been used and everything should be investigated. You're the one saying, are you saying that? You're saying that all of it
2:44:47
should have been treated equally. I agree. The equal treatment is nothing. That's what Dorm is saying. You're apparently saying the equal treatment is
2:44:52
every single thing should be investigated no matter who's alleging it or no matter what the credibility of it is. No, I'm saying there was unequal
2:44:58
treatment and you're agreeing. Yes, that's what the report literally says. I've never said anything different. Okay. Right.
2:45:04
Thank you for concinged that. Thank you. Yes. Thank you. So, yes, that's been my argument. Thank you, Rob. Yes, I know you like to
2:45:09
retroactively hijack. Yes, the time travel argument. FBI that has bias that we can see from all these agents as you just admitted
2:45:15
engaged in a two-tier as you've conceded. That is what the DM report says as I've now explained to you. Yes, correct. That's lawfare. I win the
2:45:21
debate. How is that lawfare? This none of you can't prove that any of this happened at the direction of Obama.
2:45:27
It doesn't. So, if you would go back to my opening statement, you said the following. Lawfare would include things that were investigations and like that
2:45:32
that with the purpose of eventually having possible legal cases. Secondly, we could show that it was we shouldn't
2:45:38
have to concede that it was just Obama. He should be held accountable for members of his cabinet and members of his administration.
2:45:44
Hold on. What was the prompt? What was the prompt? Go ahead. The thing I have written down is is
2:45:50
Obama guilty of a Russian conspiracy hoax. If the if we're saying that any anything is lawfare, that would mean
2:45:56
that if a single person was bullied by a single federal officer, that counts as lawfare.
2:46:02
That wasn't the say in his opening statement that if anybody within the uh administration was
2:46:07
engaging in warfare or some sort of illegal behavior then the then Obama was responsible for it. But the
2:46:15
Destiny Spurs out Destiny uh Tom before Destiny Spurs out can you read the wording of the topic that I asked you to
2:46:21
read twice before this? Go ahead.
2:46:28
Let me pull it up one more time. Okay. It says, uh, "Is Obama guilty of lawfare
2:46:35
and is the Trump admin lying about the details?" So, is he guilty of lawfare? Here's what
2:46:41
I said. We define lawfare. You didn't You didn't deny. Yes, it would be lawfare to legally spy. You didn't say
2:46:46
Obama didn't do it. Obama didn't order it. I Now, let me finish. Wait, we're getting to it, right? I said there's no
2:46:51
smoking evidence of Obama directly being involved, but the circle evans evidence is very convincing. The fact that we
2:46:57
know he was briefed this was part of Hillary's plan. the fact that we have this December 9th reopen the ICA. But then the last thing I said was the
2:47:04
prompt should not mean Obama just the man. The prompt should also mean his administration highle people in his
2:47:10
administration which clearly use lawfare against Trump. The buck should stop with Obama. So when Obama's top of the FBI,
2:47:17
James Comey, and top of the CIA, John Brennan, and top of the NSA, Jake
2:47:22
Clapper, are engaged in this [ __ ] that ends up being The only person who is engaged in a bad activity here, though, is Comey, would
2:47:28
be the FBI. Number one, and number two, if that was the whole point of the debate, then why didn't we just start by saying, "Hey, do you agree the
2:47:34
conclusion of the with the conclusion of the Durham report?" And I would say, "Yeah, of course I do." Then we would just stop it there in 2 seconds. Why would we waste our time with you getting
2:47:40
blown the out on every other report that you've never read before just for you to end up with this point of like, well, wasn't the Durham report right?
2:47:46
Obviously. Yeah, it seems to be the case. Now, if you want to say Laware, there weren't any criminal charges related to the Durham report. There were no convictions related to the the two
2:47:52
the two underlying people, I think, they got charged or whatever um for the the two people that you said it earlier. So, I is lawfare here just somebody acts in
2:47:59
a politically partisan manner. Is that what we're considering law here with no direct connection to Obama whatsoever? Even though Obama's in the prompt?
2:48:05
Uh, okay. Uh, so if you remember, I started to speak at the beginning of this and this is what I was literally going to say. Do you concede that there
2:48:10
was lawfare done to Trump that there was illegal spying and [ __ ] but instead you were like, "No, no, no. I want to talk about this Tulsi stuff. Let's talk about
2:48:16
this Tulsi stuff real fast." And I literally say at the beginning, I'm like, "That's fine, but I want to get back to something else real quick."
2:48:22
So, you agree that Obama's not connected to any of this law, right? I Okay, I'll take it. I'll take that concession. Obama's not involved with any of the
2:48:28
lawfare. If you want to say that the Durham report is correct, that's fine, but no connection with Obama. I got it. That's cool. I take that. I take that. I
2:48:33
think it's big W. Obama was a great president. I'm glad you like him. I like him, too. I like that he's our second black president. Bill Clinton was the
2:48:39
first black president. I love Obama. He's a great guy. I like that this works for testing. So,
2:48:45
what he does is it's the constant talking over spuring out like belittling and all that [ __ ] No, what he's done is conceded that the FBI was corrupt and
2:48:51
went after Trump, right? And there was a two-tier justice system, which is by far the most important thing. It wouldn't matter if Obama ordered it or not.
2:48:58
Second, the reason that we got so distracted is because Destiny does this [ __ ] the entire time. He constantly goes
2:49:03
down these little rabbit holes. He's constantly wrong. You have to go step by step to get him to conclusions where he ultimately admits that I'm right. And he
2:49:09
constantly interrupts. He constantly wants to just go off on tangents and shout things really fast and spur out. That's how we get so far foul that 3
2:49:16
hours in, I couldn't even make the central claim that I was going the concession I was making in the first place. Lastly, I didn't concede that
2:49:23
Obama didn't have anything to do with it. The circumstantial evidence is overwhelming. One, we can see the circumstantial evidence that he was
2:49:28
aware. He was briefed personally that this was part of the plan right around the time that Crossfire Hurricane was
2:49:34
starting. It was part of the plan of Hillary Clinton. Second, we went over Obama on December 8th getting a
2:49:40
presidential daily briefing that told him what the motivation was. It wasn't what he wanted and so he ordered a new
2:49:46
after that new ICA. Literally that day, there were leaks from the intel agency saying they'd already formed a
2:49:52
consensus. Destiny laughably claims that on December 8th, they hadn't done enough research to reach a consensus. So that's
2:49:59
why they didn't say that the motivation was to help Trump win. But on December 9th, magically within hours, they had
2:50:05
reached a total consensus and knew that that was now the case. That's what I'm saying that Obama was connecting. And the last argument I made was even if
2:50:12
Obama didn't directly order this, the fact that it occurred under his administration and he these were top
2:50:18
people in his administration and he was aware of the things that were going on in this administration of all the
2:50:23
investigative tools that were being gone after that we should blame Obama. But even if we don't blame Obama, I don't even give a like the fact that I just
2:50:29
got you to admit that our FBI was corrupt and engaged in a two-tier system. That's been my claim since 2017.
2:50:36
That was literally my claim at the start of the bait. The debate is that the FBI probably did heavily engage in in a form
2:50:42
of influence in our election season. It was against Hillary Clinton. Correct. Because for whatever weird like insane
2:50:49
rambling this was, Comey destroyed Hillary's campaign at like three different points. Okay. the Hillary
2:50:55
Clinton email [ __ ] which only came out as a result of a Russian hack, by the way, that apparently wasn't fairing
2:51:00
anybody. A Russian hack led to a months and monthsl long investigation that was improperly publicly announced twice and
2:51:07
then improperly publicly concluded in front of the American public, but the FBI lead announcing this, who also is
2:51:14
somehow simultaneously under control by Barack Obama to attack Donald Trump, although his attacks don't become really
2:51:20
public by their announcements until after the election. Uh, even though all of Hillary Clinton stuff was announced beforehand, doesn't make any sense
2:51:26
whatsoever. Your entire debate is relied on a misunderstanding of what an ICA is versus what a presidential daily briefing is why you keep saying PB
2:51:31
instead of PDB. And I'm actually honored that Rob Nor of all people is frustrated that I want to get into the weeds of things. I guess that's the frustrating
2:51:37
part when people are actually familiar with the underlying material that you're citing and aren't willing to just take your word for it because you misite basically every single thing that you
2:51:44
bring up. Whether you're talking about somebody saying that a presidential daily briefing was supposed to assess uh
2:51:49
Putin's motivations for interfering with our election when all of them were just about the security of our election systems or whether it's you talking
2:51:54
about how Hillary Clinton was intentionally leaking these to the press to knowingly publish false stories versus the Hillary campaign handed stuff
2:52:00
off to journalists because they weren't sure 100% what you know the validity of it was and they wanted to run it down versus you claiming that Hillary Clinton
2:52:05
intentionally was part of the Clinton plan was to start a fake investigation based on emails that you're saying are true because they're an amalgamation of
2:52:12
other emails that we know that Russia fabricated. saying that Hillary Clinton themselves fabricated the entire Russia hoax and then gave that to the FBI to
2:52:18
investigate and now you're saying well no they probably were just doing legit oppo research. I just wanted to talk about the whole chain of things because you brought it up and now the claim at
2:52:25
the end is that well because the FBI engaged in some political partisansship in their investigations which they did um that means that there was lawfare
2:52:31
directed by Barack Obama who there you have zero credible ties to any of this whatsoever besides weird circumstantial evidence because you don't understand
2:52:37
the circumstances. Okay. So what you can see is that you do do you want to real just real
2:52:42
quick do you want to kiss it like a Rob respond and then if you guys will do some closing statements afterwards. Go
2:52:49
ahead. Okay. I can make this my closing statement. If you want Destiny I'll need to give the last one anyways. I'm assuming you need that advantage, right?
2:52:56
Uh yeah. What this is is constantly Destiny implies that I'm saying things that I'm not because he's constantly
2:53:02
thinking where I'm going with an argument instead of listening to the words I'm saying. He's been factually wrong in almost every single thing that
2:53:07
he's talked about today. For example, we started off saying like, "Do you acknowledge that on December 9th, Obama issued a proclamation for a new ICA?"
2:53:14
Destiny says no. He ends up conceding within five minutes that yes, actually that was true. I say, "Do you acknowledge that he got this report, it
2:53:20
wasn't an AA, but he got this report from the intelligence agency on December 8th that spoke to the motivation." He says that didn't occur. He's then forced
2:53:26
to admit that it's true, but falsely claims that I said that it was an ICA. I didn't. This is the sort of that's going
2:53:31
the whole time through this. when we talked about Hillary Clinton's plan and things like that, he's saying, "Oh, Rob
2:53:37
saying that she had this nefarious plan and she knew it was [ __ ] and they could [ __ ] it." It wasn't part of the argument that I was making. May entirely
2:53:42
be true that that was the case, but the point that I was trying to make in talking about this wasn't that Hillary Clinton was doing something wrong. It
2:53:48
was the claim that the ICA was making or the IC review that I was making was reading was doing which was showing that
2:53:54
the intelligence community led by John Brennan was intentionally hamfisted putting things in that were [ __ ] to
2:54:00
change what the previous assessments had been that the actual motivation behind Russia wasn't to help Trump win but was
2:54:06
instead to undermine both candidates and to cause confusion etc etc and I he concedes that the reason that that was
2:54:13
so important was because they needed to justify to the public their [ __ ] investigation that would for four sty
2:54:18
Donald Trump. Then he says, "Yeah, I concede the FBI did this." And then even in that concession, he goes, "But the real lawfare that I conceded at the
2:54:25
beginning was that they hurt Hillary Clinton more." He does this a lot. He makes these arguments at the end of the debate when you don't have time to
2:54:30
respond. I blew Destiny the out on this where he was forced to concede the last time we talked about the Comey thing.
2:54:36
Yes. because the FBI under James Comey was actually trying to hide evidence
2:54:41
that showed that the email server of Clinton thing was still needed to be investigated and a whistleblower was
2:54:47
speaking up. James Comey decided he needed to immediately reopen it and then go through 500,000 emails in 3 days and
2:54:54
then close it back down because he was like, I assumed Hillary was going to win and I didn't want the FBI credibility to be hurt and I didn't want Hillary
2:55:00
Clinton's credibility to be hurt when she's president. Destiny knows this. He's hoping that none of you know this
2:55:05
because he knows that he got blown the out in this and so he's just, well, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It actually hurt her. Yeah, I agree that
2:55:11
Comey actively trying to sabotage Trump and actively trying to help Hillary Clinton may have backfired in that one
2:55:17
instance, but it's clear that there was lawfare from Comey directed against Donald Trump. It's clear that there was a double standard that continues and
2:55:24
continued for four years of this lawfare to go after Trump and the intel agencies being corrupt. He admits it all but then
2:55:29
says, "But I just trust the ICA that was put together by Comey, Brennan, and all of these people." Anyways, I trust it
2:55:34
implicitly, and I won't look at the evidence that you're presenting that looked at the actual evidence in the A
2:55:40
to make their declaration. I refuse to look at it. There was lawfare. There was a two-tier system. There was illegal
2:55:46
spying of Trump in one of the most heinous things, political scandals in the history of this country. Barack
2:55:51
Obama was there. He was briefed that this was part of Hillary's plan to tie Trump to this. He ordered a new
2:55:57
intelligence community assessment and then his intelligence community started leaking immediately that there was a consensus which is [ __ ] Hillary
2:56:04
Clinton's team knew what concocted this scandal. They intentionally worked with someone that was a formerly suspected
2:56:10
Russian spy. Durham's team even claims that the predicate of the whole Papadopoulos thing was [ __ ] The
2:56:16
predicate for invest opening this investigation in the first place. Hillary's team got the FBI that was
2:56:21
corrupt against Trump to investigate Trump for colluding with Russians when the FBI used as evidence for that.
2:56:28
Hillary's team actually colluding with a Russian named Igor Desenko. There was Russia collusion. It was done by
2:56:33
Hillary's team. There was lawfare. Circumstantial evidence shows more likely than not that Obama was involved with it and knew about it. But even if
2:56:40
he didn't, it was the top people in his administration and the buck should stop with him. And the fact that Destiny, after years of arguing against this
2:56:46
[ __ ] that it wasn't a big deal, that the FBI engaged in this corruption, that there wasn't a two-tier system, he didn't give a You've never heard this
2:56:52
dude say, "Oh my god, this is so corrupt. We need to do something about it." He don't give a The truth is Destiny, like all these other rabid
2:56:58
lefties, by the way, a guy who said that he the worst thing that could have happened was that bullet not killing Trump. Of course, he wants a corrupt FBI
2:57:05
to try to stop Trump because he thinks orange man bad. And that's his entire thing. Now, I'm sure Destiny will go and talk to his audience about how great he
2:57:11
is and about how I must use Chad GBT. Spoiler alert, Destiny was using it last night to prepare for this debate, but
2:57:16
the truth is he got blown the out again and he's probably going to blacklist me again because once more he understands
2:57:21
that he has to get wrecked and he has to just gaslight his audience by talking fast and sping out that somehow he's doing something good.
2:57:29
All right. And that's Yeah, I mean there's a re I mean you can go watch my whole vod from me preparing for something like this. There's a reason why I can read like original
2:57:35
source material. I can go through all the leaked material. Um there's a reason why at the end of the day when it comes to things like Muller investigations,
2:57:41
you are turning out massive credible indictments. You are getting convictions in front of in front of federal juries,
2:57:47
you are seizing tens of millions of dollars of assets from people like Maniffort. So much so that your entire special counsel investigations are like
2:57:52
turning a profit. There's a reason why when investigations into Trump happen, you're turning out credible convictions in the state of New York. You have
2:57:59
credible indictments uh federal for the Mara Lago stuff for the Gen 6 stuff of which Trump will never face justice. Um,
2:58:04
there's a reason why when you like read the full material and you see like where the trail leads, I mean, it's not even like really the trail. Like everything
2:58:10
for the Republican [ __ ] is just out in the open. Every single mother on the planet, even Rob knows, is the only
2:58:15
reason that we're talking about this [ __ ] right now is because they don't want to talk about the Epstein [ __ ] That's the only reason why all of this
2:58:21
[ __ ] is coming out right now. Trump was in office for four years. He had all the time in the world to expose some corrupt
2:58:27
plot here if he wanted to. In fact, remember the whole reason why Muller exists is because Donald Trump wanted to
2:58:34
obstruct this own investigation and he fired Comey. Now, if he thought at the time that Comey had acted improperly
2:58:40
with regards to the investigation himself, why did he say that he fired Comey for the emails? It's cuz he lied. And the only truth that you'll ever get
2:58:46
or the only evidence you'll ever get from people like Rob are these stupid little leaks that people like Tulsi make just for people like Rob. So they can go
2:58:52
and find one or two sentences so that they can try to lie to your face and say that a cobble together email is the same thing as a whole email. So that they can
2:58:58
misunderstand understand a presidential daily briefing and an actual intelligence community assessment. And so that they can pretend a 46page report
2:59:05
from some [ __ ] house committee is as credible as a thousandpage Senate Intelligence Committee report as a 330
2:59:12
page Durham investigation and as the entire assessment of the entire intelligence community. I hope that one
2:59:17
day we'll finally get some credible charges or credible indictments to show anything of what Rob is saying. Don't hold your breath. We're probably gonna go through the rest of this
2:59:23
administration without any real charges against any of the people that Rob say are so obviously doing horrible wrong things. Like surprise, surprise. All of
2:59:29
this is a distraction. All of it's [ __ ] It's the same read between the lines circumstantial evidence, whatever else is why he has no smoking gun
2:59:34
evidence for literally any of the he's claiming. Uh and that's how it's going to be until the end of time because it's how Republicans operate.
2:59:40
Real quick, uh like because you brought up the Epstein thing, you don't really believe that that Trump wouldn't be talking about this stuff if the epste
2:59:46
didn't come up. Where's your evidence of that? That Trump didn't talk about what if the epste come up? What? That Trump wouldn't be talking about the
2:59:53
corrupt, you know, Russia gate [ __ ] if Epstein You don't believe that, right? You Oh, I know that's true. No, they wouldn't talk about this. Probably not.
2:59:58
Not like this. No, cuz it's obviously [ __ ] Nothing new has nothing because nothing new has been leaked and Tulsi Gabbard is misquing the same
3:00:04
things that she's leaking. So, obviously, they haven't found anything new. It is. It is true. Like, for instance, that same I know why you quoted that email as being credible and
3:00:10
you you stumbled into the answer when you were started to read further. You thought it was credible initially and I know cuz I read your tweets, Rob. I even showed you the last tweet. You thought
3:00:16
that Russian intelligence was actually something that our intelligence thought. I know you're denying it now and that's good and that's fine. But we all I can go back and watch you use these same
3:00:21
things in debates. You did you are you thought it was real. It's okay. You can spur out you can say no context.
3:00:27
You get Destiny. You have as much evidence that Trump's talking about this to avoid Epstein as I have that you're
3:00:33
talking to me about topics we've talked about before to avoid the allegations about you. Both of them are [ __ ]
3:00:38
claims. I wanted to avoid allegations related to anything like that. Rob, I wouldn't be raving you in a conversation right now.
3:00:43
Okay, if we want to be honest right now. Okay. The reality is is the only thing you the only you can do is quote one or two lines at a time, okay? And pretend
3:00:50
that you're making some argument and you see the eyes going wide and blank, okay? Like a confused child. All right? If
3:00:56
that's where the allegation is coming from, right? Like a confused child, you're like, "Oh, he knows what I'm quoting from. Oh [ __ ] How many The fact
3:01:02
that you could spend half this debate thinking you're reading from the uh from a Durham annex when you're actually just reading from the House Committee report
3:01:07
goes to show that you're the fact that you thought you were reading an Inspector General report. What does it even mean? perspective when you were reading from the Durham report shows
3:01:13
that you're not even you don't even know the underlying source material. You're going to get all from Chad JB from articles which is what you linked me. We all watched you think that you were
3:01:19
reading from the wrong thing for like half the debate on half the [ __ ] you were quoting. No, I didn't. I had like 12 tabs up and
3:01:26
I didn't know if the one I was looking was the IG report, which I have up, or the Durham report. That's it. And yeah,
3:01:32
I did go when I talked about Robbie Moo, I admitted it was from an article that was citing what happened in the trial,
3:01:38
right? Like again, like I I look forward to seeing you after you lift the next blacklist because I know you don't like
3:01:43
this. I know you know that you're not doing so hot and you're just spuring out to try to cover up for it. Okay.
3:01:49
But good luck to you. Yeah. Okay. It was a blast. I appreciate you guys coming on. We got a another debate coming up. So, thanks
3:01:56
guys for coming on and uh Jesus Christ. Oh my god.


Please do the same for this debate between Destiny and Rob Noerr on election interference in the 2016 U.S. Presidential election.
